You know that what I do is write for kids, and in fact, I'm probably the author for children, more read in the U.S.
And I always tell people I don't want to look like a scientist.
I can look at myself as a farmer, or with leather clothes, and nobody has chosen a farmer.
I'm here today to talk to you about circles and films.
And you know that a flat flat is usually something you fall somewhere else.
You just have to go back to the apple to see it as a flowing.
That's the painting of a circle.
A friend of mine did that -- Richard Broadway.
It's the kind of complicated circle that I'm going to talk about.
My circle started in the '60s in middle school, in Soviet, Ohio where I was the rare of class.
When they beat up until every week in the men's room, until a teacher saved my life.
She saved my life by letting me go into the bathroom of the room room.
I did it in secret.
For three years.
And I had to go from the city.
I had a thumb and 85 dollars, and I ended up in San Francisco, California -- found a lover -- and in the '80s, I felt the need to start working in organizations that fought against AIDS.
About three or four years ago, at the middle of the night I got a phone call from that teacher called Mrs. Park he said, "I need to see it.
I'm feeling that of adults we never got to meet.
You could come to Ohio and please bring it to that man who I know you've found.
And I have to tell you that I have pancreatic cancer, and I'd like you to stand up with this please."
Well, the next day we were in London.
We went to see it, we laugh, we cry, and we realized that she needed to be a hospital.
We found it a place, we got it, and we looked at it, and we commissioned from his family, because it was necessary.
It's something we knew how to do.
And as the woman who wanted to meet me as an adult came to me, he became a box of caregivers and it was put in my hands.
And what happened was that the circle had closed up, had become a circle -- and that film that I talked about was presented in itself.
The epiphany is that death is part of life.
She saved my life, my partner and I save her of it.
And you know that that part of life needs everything that the rest of life.
It needs truth and beauty, and I'm very happy that I was talking a lot about this.
It also needs -- it needs dignity, love and pleasure, and it's our work to provide those things.
Thank you.
As an artist, the connection is very important for me.
Through my work, I'm trying to express that humans are not separated from nature, and that everything is interconnected.
I first went to Antarctica about 10 years ago, and I saw my first companies.
I was amazed.
My heart was fast, I was wrong, trying to understand what was in front of me.
The metals around me were coming out of the water almost 60 feet, and I couldn't even think that it was a genome of snow about another snow of snow year after year.
The bonds are born when they fall out of glaciers or break up the ice.
Every iceberg has its own individual personality.
They have a different way to interact with your environment and their experiences.
Some people refuse to get up and hang down to the end, whereas others can't afford it anymore, and they fall into a dramatic passion.
It's easy to think, when you see a company, which are isolated served and alone, in large measure as we see ourselves sometimes as humans.
But reality is all the opposite.
As a contamination, I'm breathing your ancestral atmosphere.
As you melt a iceberg release fresh water in minerals that feed many forms of life.
I came up to photograph these links as if I was to try to portray my ancestors, knowing that at these unique moments there are that way and not going back to that way again.
It's not death when they're determining -- it's not a end, but a continuation of your way through the cycle of life.
Part of the ice of the mechanisms that I photographed is very young, it has a couple thousands of years.
And another part of the ice has over 100,000 years.
The last pictures I would like to show you is a iceberg that I photographed in Kerian Greek.
It's a little bit often to get to see a solar contament.
Here they are.
You can see the left a little boat.
It's about five meters.
And I would like you to pay attention to the shape of the iceberg and its floating line.
You can see here, starting to step, the ship has moved to the other side, and the man is standing there.
This is an iceberg of Greenland -- average size.
It comes out of the water about 120 feet or 40 meters.
This video is in real time.
And so, the iceberg shows a different side of its personality.
Thank you.
I want you to imagine two couples in 1979, the same day, exactly at the same time, every single baby. Okay.
So, two couples each.
I don't want you to stop too much on the details of consciousness, because if you stop thinking about trust itself, I'm not going to pay attention.
Let's think about that for a moment.
And in this stage, I want you to imagine that, in one case, the chromosome and the sperm joins the X X chromosome.
And in the other case, the X X chromosome joins the X X chromosome.
They both learn and start life.
Let's go back to talk about them later.
In my natural activity will be two roles.
In one of my roles -- I work with the history of anatomy.
I'm a story for training, and what I study in this case is the way people are approaching the anatomy -- is to say, of human bodies and animals, how you consider the body fluid, the idea of the body -- what you've thought about the body.
The other role that I play in my work is the activist of activist, as a patient defense or as I say sometimes, sick people who are medical patients.
In this case, I've worked with people whose physical features defy social norms.
I've been working on, for example, with twin twins, two people inside of a body.
I've worked with people with non-state people, much lower than the average.
And I've worked with many cases of people with outliers, individuals whose physical technology doesn't fit in male stress and conventional female stress.
In general lines, we can call it international.
The sexuality adopted many forms.
I'm going to put some examples in ways of having a sex that is not scaled in common common forms or female forms.
For example, there is the case of the individual with American musical base whose gene Rosses of chromosome and tells the programming, that we all have in the entire life that become stuff.
And then, in the wild, the obstacles produce testosterone.
But because this individual lacks of testosterone, the body doesn't react to the same.
It's the syndrome.
So there are high levels of testosterone.
As a consequence, the body is developed by a typical female course.
When he was born, the baby has a little bit of little girl.
It's a little girl. It's raised as a child.
And often, it's not until puberty, when it's growing and developing the senses, but it doesn't have the menstrual period, when someone realizes something is happening.
After making them tests realize that instead of having ovarian and the uterus has a show and a chromosome and a chromosome.
The important thing to understand is that you can think it's about a man, but it's not really like that.
Women, like men, have in the body something called the super-like blood.
They're at the top of the body.
And the supermassive glands produce the sales, the hormone hormone.
Most women like me -- I consider a typical woman -- I don't know their musical structure, I think being a typical woman most women like me are sensitive to the sales.
We produce fire and respond to the sales.
As a consequence, someone like me has the most exposed brain than the woman who was born with obstacles who have the syndrome.
So sex is something complicated. It's not that experts are in the middle of the spectrum -- somehow they can be everywhere.
Another example: a few years ago I received a call from a 19th year-old girl born and raised as they were going to -- I had girlfriend, and sex relationships with her, I was wearing a life as a boy and I had just found that I had ovarian and short.
He had an extreme form of a disease known as a consular supply of a content.
He had 20th of the and the substance glands were so active that, in essence, they created a male hormone environment.
As a consequence, their genital was made up, his brain was exposed to the typical male confidence.
He was born with a little kid -- nobody suspected anything.
And it was at age 19, when he started having medical problems caused by the internal insectine, when the doctors discovered that in fact, it was a woman inside it.
Well, another example of an international case of international.
Some people with TED chromosomes develop what you know as a support, which is to say, they have a severe tissue wrapped in tissue tissue.
We don't know why that happens.
So, there are lots of sex.
The reason that kids with these kinds of bodies -- they are man, very simple biospheres, or international markets, they are subjected to normal surgery is not to be able to get a better physical health.
In many cases, people are perfectly healthy.
The reason why they get to several surgeries is that they're a threat for our social categories.
The system is based on the idea that a particular anatomy brings into a particular identity.
We have the idea that being a woman is to have female identity -- supposedly being black means to say to have African anatomy in historical terms.
An incredibly simplistic idea.
And when you present a body that shows something quite different, we have problems with the pathogens.
So we have very romantic ideas in our culture to antibiotics.
Our nation is based on a very romantic concept.
Imagine how surprising it is to have children who are born like two people inside of a body.
The most logical case is last year with South African Arab Arterearch -- it was put in July his sex at the International Dances Revolution.
A lot of reporters called to ask, "What are you going to do to determine whether Peter Lean is man or woman?
And I had to explain to journalists that there is no such a test.
In fact, we now know that sex is so complicated that we have to admit that nature doesn't cross a distant line between men and women or between men and investments and women and international women and international and international women.
So what we have is a situation where the more the science advances, the more we have to admit that these categories -- that we thought were a stable academic categories that are standing directly with stable international categories -- they're much more diffuse than we thought.
And not just in terms of sex.
Also in terms of race, something that is much more complicated than the terminology allows it.
As we see, we become a short terrain.
Look, for example, the fact that we share at least 95 percent of DNA with chimpanzees.
What about the fact that we are going to think about them in just a few telephone?
And as we progress in science we get more and more into an awkward area where we have to recognize that the simplistic categories that we are working on is probably too simplistic.
And we're looking at this in all the realm of human life.
One of them, for example, in our current culture, in the United States today, are the struggles at the beginning and the end of life.
It's hard to look at a moment from which a body becomes human and it has different rights to the photos.
There are very skilled discussions today -- maybe not in public, but I know within medicine -- I know when someone is considered dead.
Our ancestors never had to be solved with this question of whether someone was dead.
As a lot of people put a pen in front of the nose and if you move it still yet.
If I stopped moving out of it.
But today, we can, for example, extract vital organs from a body and put them in another body.
And as a result, we need to face the dilemma to actually determine somebody's death, and this puts us into a difficult situation where we don't have the simple categories of the past.
And you may think that this explosion of categories could grab someone like me.
In politics I'm progressive, I mean people with unusual bodies, but I have to admit that it makes me nervous.
I'm going to talk that these categories are much more fragile than we thought of me.
Take from the point of view of the concept of democracy.
And to tell you about this tension first, I have to admit that I'm a pressure of the Prizen Forces.
I know they were reasonable, I know they were synthetic, but they were big.
I mean, they were so brave and accidents and so radical in what they did, that I find every single time watching that music cost that is conservative and not by music, which is totally particularly.
That's why it happened in 1975 with the parents of Farcha.
The Forces Foundation was, for me, the first activists in the anatomy and explain to you why.
What they rejected was an anatomical concept and replaced it with another one that was radical and beautiful and maintained for 200 years.
And as everybody remember, what our parents were rejected was the idea of communication. The monarchy was based on a very simplistic concept of the anatomy of it.
The monarchs of the old world didn't know the DNA, but they had clear the idea of birth right now.
They had the concept of blue blood.
They were from the idea that the political power was coming from the water right of blood from the grandfather to the father and then the son, etc.
The Forces Foundation rejected that idea and replaced it by a new anatomical concept, and that concept was that all men are created equal.
They violated the game field and decided that the anatomy that mattered was the common anatomy and not the atomic differences, that was a very radical thing.
And in part they were doing it because they were part of a proven system where they were holding two things.
It was recording democracy and at the same time born science.
And it was very clear, if we look at the history of the Portunatorial parents, that many were very interested in science and the idea of a natural world.
They were getting away from supernatural explanations, and so they rejected the concept of supernatural power that was transmitted by a level of an animal level of birth.
They were moving towards a natural concept.
And if you look, for example, the Declaration of independence -- talk about nature and God of nature.
They don't talk about God and the nature of God.
They talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are.
And in consequence we were tracking the idea of anatomical coincidence.
And in doing so, they were feeling the foundations of the future Civil Rights movement.
They didn't think that way, but they did it for us and it was great.
And what happened years later?
And women succeeded.
Then came the success of the Civil Rights Movement with people from the book of Sandon Tubera, who said, "I'm not a woman."
We found men in the figures of the Civil Rights Movement saying, "I'm a man."
Again, people of color who appealed to the anatomical coincidence of the atomic difference, and again, they succeeded.
We see the same thing with the Acceptance Maning.
The problem is, of course, as we look at the coincidence we have to start asking why we keep certain diviness.
But attention, I want to maintain some of the animal divisions in our culture.
For example, I don't want to give a fish the same rights as a human.
I don't want to say that we had to get them to the anatomy of it.
I don't mean that at five years of five years were allowed to be allowed to have sex relationships or married.
There are some anatomical divisions that for me to make sense of me and I think we should keep up.
But the challenge is to try to figure out what they are, why keep them and if they make sense.
Well, let's go back to those two sessions at the beginning of this talk.
We have two ways, both senses in the middle of 1979, exactly the same day.
Imagine that one of them, Mary was born three months before time: June 1, 1980.
Henry again, in the contrary, was born in terms of March 1960s.
For the fact that he was born three months before Mary was attributed to every rights three months before Henry -- the right to sexual consent, the right to the vote, the right to drink.
Henry has to wait for all that not because it has a different biological age, but because he was born later.
We found other barriers in relation to their rights.
Hen, in virtue of being considered men -- if I haven't told you if it's X, in virtue of being considered men now is possible for the mandatory construction that Mary doesn't have to worry about.
Mary for his part, it doesn't have the same rights to marriage that Henry in all states, for example.
Henry can marry all of the states with a woman, but Mary can marry a woman just in some states.
So they still persist anatomical categories that in various aspects are problematic and questionable.
And now the question is: What do we do now that science goes so much in the field of anatomy that we get to the point of having to admit that a democracy based on the anatomy could determine deployed?
I don't want to give you the science, but at the same time sometimes I feel like science is getting up.
Where do we go?
It seems that what happens in our culture is a kind of pragmatic attitude -- "Well, we have to draw the line somewhere, so we're going to do it."
But a lot of people are stuck in a weird position.
For example: Texas at some point has decided that to marry a man doesn't have to have chromosome and to marry a woman, you have to have chromosomes and they have to be an artist.
Now, in practice they don't do dynamic tests to people.
But this is also very strange given the story that I told you at the beginning of the syndrome syndrome to the grades.
If we look at one of the founding fathers of modern democracy, Dr. Martin Luther King, in his speech, "I want to take "The "The "The to "Do "The show offers a solution.
He says that we should judge people based on the color of their skin, but in the content of their shoesthoot, going beyond the anatomy of their machine.
And I want to say, "Yeah, the idea looks very good.
But in practice, how do you do?
How do you judge people based on the content of their share?
I want to point out that I'm not sure that we should be based on this to ensure people rights to people, because I have to admit that I know that I know that I know that I know that I know some of the things that are probably deserve more social services than some humans I know.
I also want to say that maybe some of the speakers I know can make more informed decisions, smart and mature decisions about their sexual relationships than people from 40 I know.
So how do you put the issue of the character content to the shape?
It turns out.
And one part of me is wondering what would happen if the character of a person could in the future be measured with an instrument, maybe with a magnetic MRI.
Do we really want to get to that point?
I'm not sure where we go.
What I know is that it seems to be very important that the United States is still sending this stream of thinking to the issue of democracy.
We've done a good job in defense of democracy, and I think we will do a good job in the future.
We don't live -- for example, in a context like the Iranian where a man who feels attracted by other men is susceptible to be killed unless it's willing to take a shift of sex, in which case it allows you to live.
We're not in that situation.
I'm glad to say that we don't have a context like a surgeon that I talked about a couple of years ago that had done a couple of years ago that I had made a light of dry twins to get them apart.
But when the phone asked her the courage of operation -- it was a very risky operation -- I found that in that other country, these kids would be very much strangely strategically, and so I had to do it.
So what I said, "Well, has the political asylum.
The United States offers enormous possibilities to people to be who they are without forcing them to change for the state of the state.
So I think we need to be in your head.
Well, to finish I mean I've been talking a lot about the parents.
And I want to think about how democracy would be democracy, or as it might have been, if we had given more participation to the mothers.
And I want to say something a little radical for a feminist -- and it is that I think there can be different ideas of different technical technologies, particularly if there are people thinking about groups.
For years ago, since I've been interested in extraordinary, I've also been interested in researching sexual difference.
And one of the things that has been interested in are differences between men and women in terms of the way we think and operating in the world.
And what we know about cultural studies is that women, in average, not all, but in average, they tend to pay attention to the complex social relationships and to care about those who are vulnerable within the group.
And if we think about that, we have an interesting situation in our hands.
And years ago, when I was in graduate school, one of my advisers I knew I was interested in feminism -- I was considered freedom -- I would consider myself a strange plant.
"Tell me what the member of the bombings is.
And I thought, "It's the most stupid question I've ever heard.
Feminism has to do with getting rid of gender structures, so there's nothing female in the boom."
But the more I think about his question, the more that it looks like there's something female in feminism there.
I mean, there might be something, in average, something different between the female brain and the male that makes us more attention to the complex social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable.
So if the parents were very resistant to find a way to protect people from the state, it is possible that, to have injected more mothers to this concept, maybe we would have enriched the concept of protection with the despite of the despite property.
And maybe that's what we have to do in the future when we bring democracy beyond the anatomy -- thinking less in the individual body, in terms of identity, and thinking more about relationships.
So as we try to create a more perfect Union, let's think about what we do with each other.
Thank you.
In 2007, I decided we had to rethink how we think about economic development.
Our new goal should be that when each family thinks where it wants to go live and work, it has the possibility to choose between at least a handful of different cities that are competing to attract new residents.
Well, right now, we are far from that goal.
There are billions of people in developing countries that don't have a single city willing to get them.
But the amazing thing about cities is that they value much more than their cost of construction.
So we could easily give it to the world tens -- maybe hundreds of new cities.
Well, this can sound absurd if you've never thought about new cities.
But just replace them by buildings of apartments.
Imagine that half of the people who wanted to live in apartments would be prepared and that the other half is still missing to do it.
They could try to increase the ability to do anti-the-communicati explorations.
But you know that the problem that you will face is that those buildings and areas that surround them have rules to avoid the teachers and the construction management.
So it would be very difficult to do all those explorations.
But you could go to a completely new place, building a whole new apartment building -- always and when the norms of that place easier the building instead of putting it in.
So I proposed that governments create new enough enough areas to contain cities and give them a name, cities under statistic.
Later I realized that more or less at the same time, Jack and Virginia were thinking about the challenge of reform Franklin.
They knew that every year about 75,000 sketches would come out of their country to go to the United States, and they wanted to ask what they could do to make sure that those people could stay and do those same things in Honduras.
In the summer of 2009, Borna went through a destructive constitutional crisis.
In the next regular elections, Pole Leviath is a protected and in a platform in which it promises reform, and at the same time relationship.
He asked him to be his head of genius.
Meanwhile, I was preparing to give a talk at TED.
Through a process of presentation, trial and error and a lot of trials with users, I tried to reduce this complicated concept of cities under state to their most essential ideas.
The first point was the importance of norms, like those rules that say you can't go and monitor all of the current residents of apartments.
We pay a lot of attention to new technologies, but you need so much of technologies like rules to progress, and usually they're the rules that prevent us to move forward.
In the fall of 2010, a friend of Guatemala sent him a link to the TED.
I showed it to Japan.
They called me.
They said, "Let's show this to the leaders of our country."
So in December we met in Miami, in a conference room of a hotel.
I tried to explain this point about how valuable cities are, much more valuable than their component cost.
And I used this image that shows the value of the land in a place like New York -- let me realize that, in some cases, a thousand dollars per square meter.
But it was a pretty abstract discussion and at some point, when there was a pause, Michael said, "Super maybe we could see the video of the TEDTalk.
And the talk described in very simple terms, that a city under the status is a place where you start with some street terrain -- a statistic that specifies the rules that will apply there and a choice so that people can choose whether they want to go or not live under those norms.
So the president of Hollywood called me, and he told me that we had to do this project, this is important, this could be the way we can move forward.
He asked me to go to Somalia and talk about four and five of January.
So I presented another talk full of data, which included an image like this, which was trying to explain that to generate a lot of value to a city, this has to be very big.
This is a picture of American and the white line is the new airport that was built in Venter.
Just this airport covers over 100 square miles.
So I was trying to convince the bones that to build a new city, you have to start with a place that measures at least 1,000 square miles.
That's more than 100,000 acres.
Everybody exploded surprise.
The public faces were very serious and sounds.
The Congress leader came up to the platform and said, "Professor Democrat, thank you very much for their talk, but maybe we could see the video of the TEDTalk.
I have this in my computer."
So I sat down and showed the TED.
And this explained the essentials that a new city can offer new choices for people.
There would be a choice of a city that you might be in Hollywood, rather than hundreds of miles away to the north.
And it also includes new choices for leaders.
Because the government leaders would need help from social countries, they could benefit from the associated countries that would help them establish and make the standards of the status and so that everybody could trust that the status is effectively completely.
We went and saw a site.
This picture is there.
It could take a thousand square miles.
And shortly after, 19 percent of January, voting in Congress to send their constitution and add a constitutional institution that allowed to create these special regions of development.
In a country that I just passed through this painful crisis, the voting in Congress in favor of this constitutional configuration was 44 to one.
All of the parties in society, all the fluctuations in society -- they replaced.
To include the Constitution -- you have to test twice in Congress.
February 17 was approved again in another vote, from 144 to one.
Immediately after the voting of 21 to 24 of February, a religion of about 30 biomass was to the two places in the world that are more interested in participating in the city building.
One of them is South Korea.
This is a picture of a new big center of the city that is being built in South Korea -- it's bigger than the center of Boston.
Everything you see there was four years old, after they spent four years getting the permission of the permission.
The other country interested in building cities is Singapore.
In fact, they've already built two cities in China and they're preparing for a third.
And if you think about this in a practical way, this is the point where we are.
They have a website, and they're already thinking about a site for the second city.
They're preparing a legal system that will allow the investors to come, and at the same time it will be operating under a external legal system.
A country has already committed to allowing their Court Court to be the ultimate installation for this new judicial system.
There are urban urban planners and cities that are very interested in the project.
They can even get some funding.
But the only thing we know that you've solved is that they have a good number of stories.
There are many companies who wanted to install in the Americas, especially in a place with a free trade zone, and there's a lot of people who would like to go to live there.
In the world there are 700 million people who say they would like to change immediately somewhere else.
There's a million the year coming out of Latin America to go to the United States.
Many of them are parents who have to leave their family to go to their family to get a job -- sometimes they are dead mothers who have to earn money to just eat or buy clothes.
Unfortunately, there are times even kids who are trying to meet their parents who haven't seen, in some cases, in a decade.
So what seems to think about building a new city in Humanityponomics in Broadmarks."
Or build a dozen of these, or a hundred of these all over the world?
What does it look like to think about insisting so that families can choose between various cities that are competing to attract new international?
This is an idea worth spreading.
And my fellow friends asked me to say, "Thank you.
I'm Jesus, and this is my car.
But before I show you what there is inside, I'm going to make a public concept, and it's that I live obsessed with the cells.
I love to find, to go, and more recently, photograph and publish in my blog brought back, colorful and different for every time.
But I don't buy anything new.
All my clothes is a second hand of pigs and sea sentences and sea seats.
Oh, thank you.
The second hand stores allow me to reduce the impact of my grade in the environment and in my wallet.
And I get to know interesting people -- usually my money goes to a good cause. My approach is unique, and buy it into my personal search for sectors.
I mean, what am I going to find today?
Is my screen?
Will I like color like?
Would it cost less than 20 dollars?
If all the answers are positive, then I feel that I've won.
Going back to the theme of my card, I want to tell you what I played for this exciting week at TED.
I mean, what does anyone have all that reduction?
So I'm going to show you exactly what I brought in.
I've brought seven pairs of inner clothes, and nothing else.
Red region for exactly a week is all I put in my car.
I imagined that I would be able to find everything else I want to use after getting here to Palm Billion.
And because they don't know me as the woman who walks at TED in inner underwear,  that means I found some things.
And I'd like to show you now the dots for this week.
Doesn't it sound interesting.
As I do, I'm also going to tell you some of the life lessons which, or not, I've learned in this adventure of not using new clothing.
Let's start with Sunday.
This is called a brilliant track.
You don't have to spend a lot of money to see good.
Most of you can always see for less than 50 dollars.
All of the sudden, including the screen, was 15, and it's the most expensive thing I've ever used in the week.
Leads -- color is energy.
It's almost biologically impossible to be bad humor, when you're looking at a bright red screen.
If you're happy, you're going to attract other happy people.
Mars Mars, interface is surrounded.
I've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself and at the same time.
I just know yourself.
If you surround the right people, you will not just understand you, you will be able to appreciate you.
Look a little bit of the child you carry inside.
Sometimes people tell me that it seems to play the researchers, or I remind them to their little age of seven years.
I like to smile and say, "Thank you.
Now." Trust is the key.
If you think you see you well with something, it's almost safe that you are.
And if you think you don't see you well with something, it's probably true.
My mother taught me this day after day.
But it wasn't until the age of 30 years that I really understood his meaning.
And I'm going to explain it in a few seconds.
If you think you're a beautiful person inside your inside and outside, you don't see you can't attract it.
So there's no excuse for anyone in this audience.
We must be able to achieve everything we want to achieve.
Thank you.
Volunteer: A universal truth six words for you: the golden lines go with everything.
And finally, sounds. I'll develop a personal style, and it's a great way to tell the world something about you without having to say a word.
I've tried it over and over again when people approached me this week just by what I was using -- and we had fantastic conversations.
Obviously this is not going to go into my little house.
So before I go home to Brooklyn, I'm going to donate everything.
Because the lesson I'm trying to learn this week is that you have to leave certain things.
I don't need to leave these things, because around the corner, there will always be another crazy collection and colorful and brilliant exploration, if there's a little love in my heart and I look for.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
This is a representation of your brain that we can divide in two parts.
The left side, which is the logical part, and the right side, which is the intuitive part.
So if we use a scale to measure the attitude of every hemisphere, we could design a blueprint of our brain.
For example, this would be somebody who is completely logical.
This would be somebody who's totally intuitive.
So where do you get your brain on this scale?
Some people would opt for one of these extremes -- but I think for most of the members of this audience, their brain is something like this -- with a huge attitude in both hormones at the same time.
It's not that they're mutually exceptional.
You can be logical and intuitive.
I consider one of those people, as most of the other experimental quantum physicists, we need quite logical to reconcile these complicated ideas.
But at the same time, we need pretty much intuition to make experiments really work.
How do we develop this invisibility? Well, we like to play with things.
We're going to play with them and then we see how they react. And then we developed our intuition from that point.
And actually, you do the same thing.
A certain intuition that you can have developed over the past few years is that one thing can be just in a place at once.
I mean, it can sound weird to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time, but you weren't born with this notion, they developed it.
I remember looking at a child playing in a parking bar.
It was a small child, and he didn't do it very well, always fell.
But I bet that playing with that parking coat of parking is taught a valuable lesson, and that is that big things don't allow them to get them away, and they remain in a place.
This is a great conceptual model that you can have in the world, except you are a particle physics.
It would be a terrible model for a particle physicist, because they don't play with parking bars -- play with these little particles.
And when they play with their particles, they find that they do all kinds of really rare things -- how they can go through walls or may be in two different places at the same time.
And then they wrote all these observations, and they called it the quantum mechanics theory.
At that point, the physics was found a few years ago. They needed quantum mechanics to describe those little particles.
But you didn't need it to describe the big objects around us every day.
That didn't fit very well to my intuition, and maybe it's because I don't play very often with particles.
Well, sometimes play with them, but not a lot.
And I've never seen them.
I mean, nobody saw a particle before.
But it didn't fit me well to my logical part.
Because if everything is made of little particles and all the little particles follow the principles of quantum mechanics, then shouldn't it be following the principles of quantum mechanics.
I don't find the reason why it shouldn't be.
And so I would feel much better if I could somehow demonstrate that a common object also follows the principles of quantum mechanics.
That's why a few years ago, I proposed to do exactly that.
And I did.
This is the first object you can see that has been in a quantum mechanical surface.
What we see here is a little computer chip.
And you can try to see the green point right in the middle.
That's the metal penalty I'm going to talk about in a minute.
This is a picture of the object.
And here I'm going to burn it a little bit. It's right at the center.
And then here we do a pretty big approach to the small piece of metal.
So what we see is a little bit of metal -- which is a form of springboard and that speeds supported in a platform.
And so I did this almost in the same way you would make a computer chip.
I went to a clean room with a new silicon chip. And I started working all the big machines for about 100 hours.
For the last material, I had to build my own machine -- to make this profession with a pilot of notation that is found under the device.
This device has the ability to be in a quantum culture, but for it it needs a little bit of help.
Let me make a analogy.
You know how uncomfortable it is to be in a elevator full of people.
I mean, when I'm in a elevator alone, I do all sorts of weird things, but then when other people come up stop doing those things, because I don't want to bother them, or, actually, struck.
Quantum mechanics says that inanimate objects behave in the same way.
The interviewed companies of the inanimate objects are not just people, it's also the light that completely lit it and the wind that goes along and the heat of the room.
So we knew that if we wanted this little bit of metal to behave according to quantum mechanics, we would have to push all the other passengers out.
And that's what we did.
We put the lights off, then we introduced a vacuum and we extracted all the air, and then we cool it into a temperature of less than a degree above the absolute zero.
Now, by being just in the elevator. The little piece of metal is free to act as it wants.
So we measured their movements.
We found it moving in very strange ways.
Instead of staying perfectly still, I was vibrating. And the way he was vibrating was like a breathing in this way -- like a flu that expands and contracts.
And when we give it a smooth push, we could make it open and that doesn't turn at the same time -- something that just happens with quantum mechanics.
So what I'm telling you is something really fantastic.
What does it mean as a thing and doesn't turn at the same time?
Let's think about atoms.
In one case, all the trillion atoms that make that piece of metal are still, and at the same time those same atoms are moving up and down.
It's just in the entire instant when those are floating.
In the rest of time they're recorded.
It means that each atom is in two different places at the same time, which means the whole piece of metal is in two different places.
I think this is great.
Seriously.
It was worth going to me in a clean room to do this for all of those years, because look at this, the difference in scale between one atom and that little bit of metal is about the same as the difference between that metal piece of metal and you.
So if a single atom can be in two different places at the same time, and that piece of metal can be in two different places, why not you?
I mean, it's my logical part that I talk about.
So imagine if they were in various places at the same time, what would that be?
How do you get your consciousness if your body was reacted in space?
There's another part of history.
And that's when we heat it, and we turn the lights and look inside the box, we saw that the metal was still there in one piece.
And I could get to this new intuition, apparently all the objects in the elevator are actually just quantum objects that are just made in a small space.
You hear a lot about that quantum mechanics claims that everything is interconnected.
Well, that's not so true.
It's more than that, it's deeper than that.
It's that those connections, your connections to all the things that surround you, literally define who you are, and that's the deep beauty of quantum mechanics.
Thank you.
My name is Cambodia.
And 18 months ago, I did another work in Google, until I launched the idea of doing something related to museums and art to my boss that is here and that allowed me to take it to me.
It took me 18 months.
A lot of negotiations and stories, I assure you, with 17 very interesting museums in nine countries.
But I'm going to focus on the demo.
There's a lot of stories about why we did.
I think my own story is just explained in this slide and this is the access.
I grew up in India.
It was a great education -- not worse -- but I didn't have access to many of these museums and art artwork.
So when I started traveling and go to museums, I started learning a lot.
And working on Google, I try to make the desire to make it more accessible through technology.
So we formed a team, a big team of people, and we started doing it.
It shows you the demo to then explain to you a couple of interesting things that we have led to their launch.
So simply, we go to Moke.
Look around all the museums that we have.
There's the Fortune Fortune, the Momenantanos, the Martin, the Rivers, the Boston.
I'm actually going to go into one of my favorites, Al Pennsylvania, the art Museum in New York.
There are two ways of doing that -- very simple.
We click and Paul, we're already inside the museum.
No matter where they are, Bombay, or Michael, that doesn't really matter.
You move around and you get fun.
You want to navigate for the museum?
We open the ground up, and with a single click, we jumped inside.
They are inside, they want to go at the end of the hall.
They go forward. They were actually arrived.
They explore.
Thank you, but I haven't come to the best.
Now I'm standing in front of one of my favorite paintings, "The Starkard Book Services in the Portugal.
I see the sign.
If the museum shows us the picture, we click there.
Look, this is one of the images.
Here is all the metadata.
For those of you who are really interested in art, you can click there, but I'm going to click here right now.
And this is one of the images that we've captured in what we call the religion technology.
So this image, for example, contains me, I think, about 10 billion pixels here.
And there are many people who ask me, "What do you get with 10,000 million pictures?
So I'm going to show you what you really get with 10,000 million puzzles.
It can do beat around very simple.
You see fun things that are happening.
I love this guy, his expression has no price.
But if you really want to go deep.
So I started to play, and I found something that happened there.
And I said, "A moment, this seems interesting."
I went into and discovered that kids were actually playing something.
I did research a little bit, I talked to some people from the Pennsylvania, and actually I discovered that this is a game called "The "Internet -- which is to hit an area with a Tuesday Tuesday stick.
And apparently it was very popular.
I don't know why they did, but I've learned something about it.
And now we're going to get further in depth and see that you can actually get to the cracks.
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective, I'm going to take out the picture, so you'll actually see what there is.
This is where we were, and this is the painting.
The best thing is for coming, a second.
So now we go quickly to jump again to MoMA in New York.
Here's another one of my favorite landscapes.
The example I showed was to find details.
But what if you want to see the leaders?
And if you want to see how Van River actually created this masterpiece on it?
I really appreciate it, and it really does.
I'm going to one of my favorite parts in this painting, and I'm really going to get to the cracks.
This is "The "local Nigote night, I think I had never seen it so before.
I'm going to show you another favorite function.
There are a lot of things here, but I don't have time to show you.
This is the really cool part. It's called "metaphors."
All of you, absolutely everyone, doesn't matter whether it's rich or poor, or if you have a carbon, that gives the same.
You can online create your own museum, create your own collection from all these images.
It's very simple, we come in, -- I've created this function that I call "The "Power of "The "Turboram" -- we just made a boom around it.
This is about "The National Gallery in London.
You can take things, send it into your friends and keep a conversation about what you feel when you contemplating these masterpieces of it.
So in conclusion, I think for me, the main thing is that all amazing things really don't come from Google.
No, in my opinion, they even don't come from museums.
Maybe I shouldn't say this.
They actually come from those artists.
And that has been my humble experience with this.
I mean, I hope that in this digital media makes justice to your artwork and that it's represented right online.
And the big question that you ask me today is this: "You did this to repeat the experience of going to a museum, "I guess.
And the answer is no.
It's to supplement the experience.
And that's it. Thank you.
Thank you.
Good afternoon.
I have something to show you.
Think it's a floor, a flying pixel.
In our lab, we call it sensitive design.
I'm going to tell you a little bit about this.
If you look at this picture -- I'm from Italian origin, all the kids in Italy grow with this picture on the wall of their dorm -- but the reason I'm showing you this is that there's something very interesting in the roads of formula one in the last two decades.
Now some time ago, if you wanted to win a career of formula one, I would take a budget and put it to a good pilot and a good car.
And if the car and the pilot were good enough, you won the race.
This is what in engineering is called the real-time control system.
It's essentially a system that has two components -- a sensor and a access.
What's interesting is that the real-time control systems are starting to enter our lives.
Our cities, over the last few years, have been covered by networks and electronics.
They're becoming computers in the air.
And as such, they're starting to respond differently and can be detected and accessible.
Changing cities is a big thing.
As an aside, I wanted to mention that cities are only two percent of the planet's cortex but represent 50 percent of the world's population.
75 percent of the energy consumption -- and to 80 percent of the CO2 emissions.
If we could do something with cities, it would be a big thing.
Beyond cities, all of these revelations and activated are entering our everyday objects.
This is from an exhibition of Pale Timeline for late year at MoMA, during the summer.
It's called "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The
Well, our objects, the environment, start talking to us.
In a way, it's like almost all of the existing atoms became sensors and algorithms.
And that's completely changing the interaction that as humans have with the outside environment.
In a sense, it's almost like the old dream of Miguel Nigerian.
You know, when Michael Lego broke the Moses, he says that in the end, he took the hammer, and he gave him to the Moses -- you can still see a little seed underneath -- and he said, "Dear -- "Don't you talk about?"
Well, today, for the first time, our environment starts to talk to us.
And I'm going to show you just a few examples -- insisting the idea of capturing the environment and access something.
Let's start with detection with it.
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects of our lab.
This was four and a half years ago in Italy.
It was a summer in 2006 in 2006.
It was the year that Italy won the World Cup in the world.
Maybe some of you remember it, they played Italy and France, and at the end of Nigerian he gave the head.
And anyway, at the end won Italy.
Now let's see what happened that day looking at activity happened in the network.
Here we see the city.
You see the Collection in the middle and the Rio River.
It's the morning, before the game.
The time line is at the top.
For the early afternoon, there are people over here, and there are called, moving around.
It starts the particular thing: silence.
Frank from France.
And the people are doing a quick call and goes to the bathroom.
Second time. End of time rules.
First of all, a second.
And normally, in a moment, the body.
Handel Italy, yeah!
That night everybody went to celebrate the center.
There you see the big peak.
The next day everyone went to the center of the winning team and the first minister of then.
And then everybody went down.
You see the image of the place called The Middle Center where, from the Roman time, people will celebrate -- it's a great party, you can see the peak at the end of the day.
This is just an example of how we can measure the pulse of the city in a way that we wouldn't have been able to do just a few years ago.
Another quick example of decision, it's not about people, but of things we use and consume it.
Today, we know all about the process of our objects.
This is a map that shows all the chips that make a Mac, how they assemble it.
But we know very little about where things go.
So in this project we developed a few small tags to track the trash in its pull through the system.
We started with a few volunteers who helped us in Seattle recently over a year ago, to tag what they were bringing off, different kinds of things, as you can see, things that are anyway.
Then we put them a little chip, a tag tag on the trash and then started tracking it.
These are the results.
Participant from Seattle.
After a week.
So with this information, we realized that there are many differences in the system.
We can do the same thing with much less energy.
These are data that didn't exist.
They're happening complicated things, and there's a lot of unnecessary transportation.
But the other thing we think we think is that if you look at every day that the cup.
If the plastic bottle that we fly one day is still there.
If we show that to people, then we can promote some behavioral change.
That was the reason of the project.
My colleague at MIT, Star Female, could tell us a lot more about detection and many other great things that we can do with that, but I wanted to go to the second part that we mentioned at the beginning, which is to access about the environment.
And the first project is something we did a couple of years ago in Macholika.
It all started with a question of the mayor of the city, which came and told us that Spain and South Europe have a beautiful tradition of water use in public spaces, in architecture.
And the question was, how can technology, new technology, to join that?
And one of the ideas that we developed at MIT, on a workshop was, imagine that they have a heat and flows, solar valves that open up and shut down.
It creates like a water of water, with water.
If you leave the pixels you can write in them, you can show patterns, images, text.
And when you zoom in, the curtain will open up so that we can pass on, as you see in the image.
We presented this to Mayor Kelly.
He liked a lot of it.
And I gave up a commission to design the building to the entrance of the tail.
We call it the Digital Water California.
All the building is made of water.
There are no doors or windows but when you get to open it so you can walk.
The ceiling is also covered by water.
And if there's a little bit of wind, if you want to minimize the sharks, it goes down the roof.
Or you can close the building and all the architecture disappears, as in this case.
There will always be someone in the winter, when you go down the ceiling, someone who was there and said, "Department the building."
No, it's not that they have developed, but when almost all architecture goes away.
Here it is working.
You see people who are intrigued by what's going on.
And here I am myself trying not to get me to test the sensors that open water.
I think I should tell you what happened one night when all the sensors stopped working.
That night was actually even more fun.
All the kids at March came to the building because the way that they interact had changed a little bit.
It was no longer a building that was open to let me pass on, but a building that kept making cut and holes of water, and you had to jump out to not get wet.
(Audience noises) And for us that was very interesting because as architects, engineers, designers, always think about the use that people will give us our designs.
But then reality is always unpredictable.
And that's the beauty of doing things to interact that people use.
This is a picture of the building with physical explosions, water pixels and projections about them.
And this is what led us to think about the next project I'm going to show you.
Imagine that those pixels could start flying.
Imagine you could have little helicopters in the air, and that each one had a little pixel that changes color as if it was a cloud that's moving in space.
This is the video.
Imagine a helicopter, like the one that we saw before, which moves with others in signal.
We could form this cloud.
A kind of flexible screen like this with a normal configuration in two dimensions.
Or normal -- but in three dimensions, where what changes is light, not the position of the pixels of the pixels here.
You can play with a different guy.
Imagine that the screen appeared in different scales and sizes, in different kinds of resolution.
And that then all of that could be a cloud of pixels in 3D where you can zoom in, and go through and see from very different angles.
This is the real elite flower, going down to form a video, like before.
When the light, you see this. The same thing we saw before.
Imagine each one of them controlled by a person.
We can have each pixel with an entrance that comes from people, the movement of people, etc., etc.
I want to show you something for the first time.
We've been working with Robert Development -- one of the best ballet dancers today, the Plate star in New York City and Milo City -- to capture their movements in 3D and use them as an entry for the Lincoln.
Here we can see Jerusalem dancing.
On the left you see the pixels -- it capture in different resolution.
It's so much 3D vital in real time as a movement capture.
You can reconstruct all the movement.
You can run all the way.
And once we have the pixels we can play with them, with color and movement, with gravity and feedback.
We want to use this as a possible entry for the electronics.
I wanted to show you the last project that we're working on.
It's something for the London Olympics.
It's called the cloud.
And the idea is, imagine again, that we could engage people to do something and change our environment -- as a cloud of cloud -- like the grandchildren, but with a cloud.
Imagine that we could make everybody drop a little bit for a pixel.
And I think the remarkable thing that has happened in the last couple of years is that, in the last two decades, we went from the physical world to the digital world.
We've digitized everything, like knowledge, and it's accessible through the Internet.
Today, for the first time -- and the Obama campaign showed us -- we can move from the digital world, the power of the neurons of networks, to the physical world.
In our case, this might like to use it to design and make a symbol of it.
That meant something built in a city.
But tomorrow can be to address today's challenges -- think about climate change or CO2 emissions -- how do we move from digital world to the physical world?
The idea is that we can make people involved in doing this together, confident form.
The cloud is a cloud, again, made of pixels in the same way that the actual cloud is a cloud of particles.
And those particles are water, whereas in our cloud are autonomous.
It's a physical structure in London, but it covered with pixels of all.
You can move into the inside, having different experiences.
You can see from the bottom, serving the main moments of the Olympics in 2012, and even more, and it can be used as a form of connection with the community.
So it's so much a physical cloud of heaven as something you can rise, as a new sum of London.
You can get into there.
As if it was a new digital forum at night, but the most important thing is to be a new experience for anyone who goes to the top.
Thank you.
Would you like to be better than what they are?
Suppose I told you that, with just a few changes in their genes, they could improve memory -- for one more precise, more accurate and faster.
Or maybe they would like to be in better ways, to be more strong, more resistance.
Would you like to be more attractive and sure of themselves?
What about living more with good health?
Or maybe these people who always wanted to be more creative.
What would you like to like?
What would you like if you could choose something?
(Audience Member: creativity. Creativity creativity.
How many people would choose creativity?
Raise your hand. Let me see.
Now, sometimes it was probably the number of creative people present.
That's very good.
How many people would choose memory about?
A few more.
What the physical state.
A little less.
What about the holebod?
Oh, most people. That makes me feel very well as a doctor.
If you could have some of this the world would be very different.
Is it just imagination.
Or might it be possible?
Evolution has been a stop theme here at the TED Conference -- but today I want to give you a look at a doctor on the subject.
The great 20th century, TED Test, who was in the Minister Rome Russia, wrote a trial called "Natural and biology that makes sense of the light of the evolution."
But if effectively you accept biological evolution consider this: it's just the past, or the future?
Do you mean others or us?
This is another look at the tree of life.
The human part of this branch, well on a extreme, is clear, the most interesting one.
We die from a common ancestry with modern chimpanzees about six or eight million years ago.
In the interval, there's been maybe 20 or 25 different species of men.
Some have gone back and forth.
We've been here about 130 years.
It might seem like we're very far from other parts of this tree of life, but actually, mostly the basic machinery of our cells is more or less the same.
Do you realize that we can harness and control the machinery of a common bacteria to produce the protein of the human insulin that's used to treat the details?
This is not like human light -- but it is the same protein, chemically individual -- that you get out of the pancreas coming out of the head.
And talking about bacteria -- you realize that we all have the most bacteria that the cells we have in the rest of the body?
Maybe 10 times more.
I mean, think -- when Antonio Mars raises the image of image, think about the bacteria?
The gut is a wonderfully hospital environment for those bacteria.
It's warm, dark, fear, it's very self-sure.
And we're going to provide all the nutrients that you can want without effort from their part.
It's really like a fast pathway for bacteria with the occasional disruption of some force in the army to the output.
But by the way, we're a wonderful environment for those bacteria that they are essential to our life.
They help to digest essential nutrients, and they protect us from certain diseases.
But what is the future?
Are we in a kind of evolutionary equilibrium as a species?
Or destined to become something different, something maybe better adapted to the conservation?
In this vast symphony of the universe, life on Earth is like a brief company, the animal kingdom, as one and only company -- and human life, a small note of grace.
That was us.
And it was also the entertaining part of this talk, so I hope you've enjoyed it.
When I went to college, I had my first kind of biology.
I was fascinated by the elegance and beauty of biology.
I fell in love with the power of evolution, and I realized something fundamental -- in most of the existence of life, in the single-celled organisms, every single cell of that cell is just actually divided and all the genetic energy in that cell is transmitted to the two cell cells.
But when organisms come up, things start to change.
It enters sexual reproduction.
And something very important -- with the emergence of sexual reproduction that goes through the genome, the rest of the body becomes pretty remarkable.
In fact, you could say that the discussion of the death of the body comes into evolution at the same time of sexual reproduction.
I have to tell you that when I was a college student I thought, well, seriously, sexually, seriously, seriously -- it seemed pretty reasonable at that time, but with every year that happened, every time I had more care.
I got to understand the feelings of George Brazil, which is still acting in Las Vegas in their 90s, years.
And one night someone hits her hotel door.
He opens the door.
And in front of him you find a gorgeous line of clothes.
He looks at it and says, "I come in search for a sex of sex.
"Okay, it says, "Great, George the soul."
I realized, as a doctor, who was working for a different goal to the goal of evolution, not necessarily control, just different.
I was trying to preserve the body.
I wanted us to stay healthy.
I wanted to recover health in disease.
I wanted to live more and more healthier ways.
Evolution is to move the genome to the next generation -- adapting and survival after generation.
From a evolutionary point of view, you and I are as rocket rockets designed to send the genetic burden to the next central level, and then let us fall down the sea.
I think we could all understand the feeling that Woody Allen said, "I don't want to achieve immortality through my work.
I want to do not die."
Evolution doesn't necessarily favor longevity.
It doesn't necessarily favor the biggest or the stronger or the faster, and even the smartest one.
Evolution favors the best controlled creatures to their environment.
That's the only proof of survival and success.
In the bottom of the ocean the completely characterized bacteria that can survive the heat of the food that would produce, if there were fish there, fish cooked into the cow, yet they've managed to make that a self-satisfact environment.
So what does this mean when we look at what's happening in evolution, and if we come back to thinking about the place of humans in evolution, and in particular, if you look at the front of the next phase -- I would say there are many possibilities.
The first is that we don't evolve.
We've reached a kind of balance.
And the underlying reasoning would be that through medicine, first of all, we've been able to preserve a lot of genes that otherwise would have been determined and eliminated from the population.
And secondly, as a species, we have built our environment to adapt to us as well as we adapt to it.
And by the way, we migrated around, and we get so much that we are no longer possible to have the isolation necessary for evolution.
A second possibility is that it produces a evolution of the traditional type, natural type, imposed by the forces of nature.
And the argument here would be: that the entrepreneurs of evolution are coming down, but they're a brain.
And in terms of the excitement -- when we as a species we collect distant planets are going to exist the isolation and environmental changes that can produce evolution in a natural way.
But there is a third possibility -- a attractive, intriguing possibility and frightening.
The so-called conflict -- new evolution -- which is not simply natural but guided and chosen by us as individuals in the decisions we will make.
Now, how could this happen?
How could we get to do this?
First, consider the reality that many people today, in some cultures, are making decisions about their offspring.
In some cultures, they're choosing to have more planes than women.
It's not necessarily good for society, but it's what you pick up at the individual and family level.
Think also that if it could be possible to choose not just the sex of its offspring, but in your own body to make the genetic adjust to cure or prevent disease.
What if we could make genetic changes to remove diabetes or Alzheimer's or reduce risk of cancer or eliminating the complete?
Would you not want to make those changes in their genes.
If we look at the future that kind of changes is going to be more and more possible.
Human Genome Project started in 1990 and 13 years old.
It cost 27 million dollars.
The next year, in 2004, I could do the same work for 20 million dollars in three or four months.
Today, you can get a complete sequence of the three billion base pairs of the human genome at a cost close to 20,000 and a week.
Don't get a lot to make the human genome for 1,000 and to be more and more to the scope of all.
They come up with these changes.
The same technology that has produced human gas in bacteria can make viruses that are not only going to protect us from themselves, but they're going to induce immune against other viruses.
Believe or there is no experimental trial in course with the vaccine of culture in cells of a tobacco plant.
Can you imagine something good that comes out of the battery?
That's reality today and in the future it's going to be more and more possible.
Imagine just two different changes.
Can you change the cells of their bodies, but if you could change the cells of your dependence?
And if you could change sperm and cells, or change the collective confidence, and give your children a better chance of a healthier life, eliminating diabetes, remove the freedom, reduce the risk of cancer?
Who doesn't want more healthy children?
And then, that same analytical technology, that same engine of science that can produce the changes to prevent disease is going to allow us to also adopt "Pathologist" -- a better memory.
Why not have an image of a Ken Jona especially if you could increase it with the next generation of the Bangladesh machine.
Why don't you have a faster control muscle that allows us to run faster and more different?
Why not live longer?
This is going to be absolutely.
And when we are in conditions to pass this to the next generation, and we can adopt the attributes that we want to have become the evolution of before in the consumer.
We're going to take a process that normally could take 100,000 years and we can compress it to 1,000 years and maybe happened within the next 100 years.
These are elections that their grandchildren, or the grandchildren of their grandchildren, are going to have to them.
Are we going to use these choices in a better society, more successful, more consequences?
Or, are we going to choose selectively different attributes that we want for some of us but not for others?
Are we going to build a society that's more boring and more uniform and more surprise and more virtual?
This is the kind of question we're going to have to face.
And the deeper thing about all, are we going to be able to develop the wisdom and to inherit the wisdom necessary to make these decisions.
For good or bad, and before what you might think, these choices are going to depend on us.
Thank you.
Imagine a great explosion when you're at 900 feet tall.
Imagine a plane full of smoke.
Imagine a engine doing a cost, close, clock.
Class, click, click, click, source.
Well, I had a single seat that day. I was sitting in the 10th.
It was the only one I could talk to the flight assistant.
So immediately I looked at them, and they said, "There's no problem. We probably hit some of the things."
The pilot had already looked at the plane, and we weren't so far.
You could see Manhattan.
Two minutes later, three things happened at the same time.
The pilot line the airplane with the Hudson River.
Generally, that's not the route of it.
He turned the engines off.
Imagine being in a plane and without noise.
And then he said three words.
The three most reputational words I've ever heard.
He said, "Protect for the impact."
I didn't have to talk about the flight assistant.
I could see him in his eyes.
It was terror. Life was over.
I want to share with you three things that I learned about myself that day.
I learned that everything changes in an instant.
We have this list of things to do before we die, these things that we want to do in life, and I thought about all the people who wanted to come and didn't do, all the experiences I wanted to have and never had.
As I thought about it later, I came up with a sentence, which is, "Collection came massive."
Because if the wine is ready, and the person is there, I'm going to open it out.
I don't want to clap anything in life.
And that urgency has really changed my life.
The second thing I learned that day -- and this is as long as we had the George Greek Bridge -- I didn't have a lot of -- I thought about, Obama, I really feel a big fish.
I've lived a good life.
In my humanity and my mistakes I've tried to improve everything I did.
But in my humanity I also give rise to my ego.
And I regret the time that I wasted in things that didn't matter with people who matter.
And I thought about my relationship with my wife, with my friends, with people.
And then, as I measured in that, I decided to remove the negative energy of my life.
It's not perfect, but it's much better.
In two years, I haven't had a fight with my wife.
It feels wonderful.
I don't try to have reason anymore.
The third thing I learned -- and this is kind of like your mental clock is going to be recognizing -- 15, 14, 13.
You see the water to get in.
I'm saying, "Please go back."
I don't want this to break up in 20 pieces as you see in those caregivers.
And as we went off, I had the feeling of, and so I had the feeling of it, and it doesn't take fear.
It's almost like we've been preparing for that all our lives.
But it was very sad.
I didn't want to go, love my life.
And that sadness became a single thought, which is, I just wish one thing.
I wish I could see my kids grow up.
A month later, I was in an act of my daughter -- first grade, not a lot of artistic anti-term -- I still --  And I scream, blood, like a little bit.
And for me, that was all the reason to be the world.
At that point, I understood that the only thing that matters in my life is to be a great father.
For about all, the only goal I have in life is to be a good father.
I got a miracle -- not to die that day.
And it became another gift, which was the possibility of looking at the future and come back and live differently.
You guys are flying today, the challenges you can imagine that the same thing happens to you in your airplane -- and please don't be like that -- but imagine how you would change?
What do you do, who still hope to do because they think they're going to live forever, right?
How do you change their relationships and negative energy in them?
And most importantly, are the best parents who can be?
Thank you.
I've clearly been blessed in life with many amazing projects.
But the most great thing I worked in was for this guy.
The guy is called Mountain.
They was one of the most important instincts in the 1980s.
He came to his house after running and said, "Dad, I feel a men in the "genes."
And that was the beginning of ALS.
Today Thames has a total parallel.
You can only use your eyes.
His work influenced me.
I have a design design and animation, so obviously, graffiti is something that we admire and respect in the art world.
So we decided we were going to sponsor Tony and Mooreles, and their cause.
So I went and met her brother and his father and I said, "We're going to give you this money.
What are you going to do with you?"
And his brother said, "I just want to be talking to Tony again.
I just want to communicate with him, and he is able to communicate with me."
And I said, "A second, is not that I've seen Stephen Hawking -- isn't that that all people with paralysis can communicate through those spaces?
And he said, "No, unless you're somebody important, and you have a very good insurance you can't actually do it.
These devices are not affordable for people."
And I said, "Well, how do you communicate then?"
Does anybody see the movie "The short and the distribute?
They communicate in that way -- they are moving with the finger.
I said, "That's a bird. How can it be?"
So I introduced myself with the desire to deliver a check, and instead of that signed a check that had no idea how I was going to cover it.
I engaged with her brother and his father there at that precise moment, "All right, this is the treat? Hey is going to talk to you, we're going to build a machine, and we're going to find a way to get her art again.
Because it's ridiculous that someone who has so much inside their inner can't communicate it."
So I talked about a couple of months later.
I met these guys called Gayla Facebook Leadership "The Lester Research Revolution, who have a technology that allows them to project a light on any surface and then, with a laser pointer.
So they go around doing art facilities like this.
All the things that show up, they say, are part of a cycle of life.
First of all, they start with sexual organs, then with the bad words, then with Bush attacks, and at the end, people start to make art.
But there was always a cycle of life in their presentations.
And so it started the journey.
And about two years later, about a year after a lot later, after a lot of organization and a lot of people move things on one side to another we had achieved a couple of things.
One, we play the gates of insurance companies and we got a machine so that More controlled could communicate -- a machine like Stephen Hawking's the picture.
Which was great.
And seriously, it's the most fun thing -- I call it because when you talk to the guy you get an email from him, and you say, "I don't deserve it. This guy is really fantastic.
The other thing we did was bring seven programmers from all over the world -- literally all the simulations on the planet -- to our house.
My wife, the children and I, we moved into the back, and these hackers and programmers and programmers and consumers took control of the house.
A lot of our friends thought we did something completely stupid and that when we went back would have taken the squares of the walls and instead would be instinct.
But for two weeks we program, we went to the Martin station of Venice, my son was part, my dog too, and we created this.
It's called "The Freedom Feriler, and you can see the description of it.
They're a couple of strangers of cheap sun so we bought in the Martin stand of Venice. Something about copper copper and things from Congo Spain and Radio School.
We take a Portugal camera, we open it, we put it on a LED light and now there is a device that is free -- it builds yourself -- we publish the free code, and the software goes down to free.
And we create a device that has no limitation at all.
There's no insurance company that says, "No."
There's no hospital that can say no."
Any person with paralysis today has access to draw and communicate using only their eyes.
Thank you.
Thank you very much to you.
So at the end of the two weeks we went back to the Starlisi room.
I love this picture because this is the other person's room, and that's his room.
There was all this biological and secret during the great institution.
And after more than a year of planning, two weeks of programming set up all night, Tony came back to draw for the first time in seven years.
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the support system of your life and it's looking through the support system of his life.
We ran the bed so I could see.
And we put a project on a wall of the parking parking of the hospital.
And he came to draw for the first time in front of his family and friends -- and you can imagine what the feeling in parking was.
The funny thing was that we had to break into the parking lot, so we felt like we were wiping the graffiti as well.
At the end of this, he sent us a email and this was what he said, "This was the first time I was working in seven years.
I felt like I'd been under the water, and somebody finally came to rescue and get me out of there so I could breathe.
Isn't it strange?
In a way, that's our war of war.
That's what keeps us moving, developing it.
And we have a long way to deal with this.
It's a great device, but it's the equivalent of a Michael Pale.
Someone with this artistic potential deserve much more.
So we're trying to figure out how to improve it and make it faster and sure.
Since then, we've had all kinds of recognition.
We've gained a lot of awards.
Remember, it's free, none of us are making money with this.
Everything comes out of our own pockets.
The prizes were the sign: "Oh, this is fantastic.
Armstrong tweet something about us and then, in December, Time magazine recognized us as one of the 50 best inventors in 2010, and it was really cool.
The best thing about all of this -- and this is what ends up the circle, is that in April of this year at the Gulf of Mozart in downtown Los Angeles is going to be an exhibition called "The Arabic in the Cars."
And "The Arabic in the streets is going to have the best former international art, Kenya Kenauturi, Korean Ferriss, Christians.
They will be in the show that is pretty impressive.
So basically, this is my idea: if you see something that is not possible, make it possible.
None of what there is in this room was possible -- the stage, the computer, the machine, the Microsoft, nothing was possible at a certain time.
Make it possible -- anything in this room.
I'm not a programmer, I never did anything with hidden recognition. I just met something and stumbled with wonderful people in order to make it happen.
And these are the questions that I want you all to do every day when we find something that we feel that we have to do. If it's not now, when I'm not me, who is it?
Thank you guys.
I've spent the last few years becoming very difficult situations and at the same time a little dangerous.
I went to jail. hard.
I worked on a coal mine. dangerous.
I filmed in areas of war and difficult and dangerous.
And I spent 30 days eating just this -- funny at first, something difficult in the middle, very dangerous at the end.
In fact, in a lot of my career I've been diving in situations in horrible appearance with the only goal of trying to look at social issues in ways that are really attractive, interesting, and hopefully analyze them in a way that they are being trained and accessible to the audience.
So when I knew I would come here to do a TEDTalk on the world of brands and the landscape I wanted to do something a little bit different.
So some of you may have heard it, or not, a couple weeks ago I took a bird in Spain.
I sent some messages on Facebook, some on Twitter, I offered the rights of the name of my TEDTalk in 2011.
What had been the following: "The name of "The National Pross: My TEDTalk that you have no idea what it is about and depending on content could blow it on the face, especially if I put it in ridiculous to you or your company when you do it.
But said this, it's a very good medicine opportunity.
Do you know how many people look at these TEDTalks.
Thank you.
It's an progress, by the way.
So even with that car knew that someone was going to buy the rights of the name.
If you had asked me a year ago, I wouldn't have been able to say it with certainty.
But in the new film that I'm working on, we looked at the world of marketing, the advertising.
And as I said before, I have stayed in horrible situations in the last few years, but nothing could prepare me, nothing could be adapted, for something as difficult as entering the rooms with these guys.
You see, I had this idea for a film.
Morgan proportional -- I want to make a film that deals with product collection, marketing and advertising, and that all the film is funded with product and marketing and advertising.
The movie is going to call "The largest movie now."
What happens in "The largest movie is never sold -- is that everything from the bottom at the bottom, first of all, has images of brand, all the time -- from the income that appears before the title of the title.
Now this brand Mach, Muslim School, the Seattle Seattle.
These people are going to be associated by film for sense -- forever.
And so the film explores all this idea -- Michael San is remarkable. Is it what? (Music: Is it predictable? Is it predictable?
I'm a president pressure. MK: I just say, it was more for nations.
It was "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "Thing."
But we're not just going to have the apartment of the X mark, but we're going to make sure that we're going to take all the categories.
Maybe we sell a shoe, and it becomes the most cool shoe you've used ...
The most great car you've been driving in "The largest film ever "Don't sell -- the best wheat you have baby, he costs the largest film ever lost."
San Karian: The idea is then in addition to showing brands as part of life, making them that they fund the film for the film? (Music: To make you finance the film? MS: And we actually show the whole process of how it works.
The goal of the whole film is transparency.
You're going to see all the process in this film.
That's the whole idea -- all the film, from beginning to end.
And I would love that Christmas helped to make it happen.
Robert Francisco, you know, it's funny because it's the first time I hear that -- it's the peak respect for the audience.
Wow. However, I don't know how special people are going to be the people.
XL: You have a perspective. I don't know whether "This is very negative, but you know how it's going to record? (Music: No idea. David Congo: How much money does it need to do this?
MS: A million and a half million -- CO2, very good. John Karia, I think it's going to be hard the meeting with them, but certainly it's going to be worth becoming a couple of big markets.
XL: Who knows, maybe for the moment that the movie comes out of the movie and see us as a bunch of advertising artificials.
MS: What do you think is going to be the answer?
Stuart Superployma. Most of the responses will be "No."
MS: But it's going to be hard to sell it, for the film or to be me?
JK: Both things.
MS:  It means you're not very optimistic.
So, help me? I need help.
MK: I can help.
MS: All right. MK: Okay. Awesome. Awesome.
MK: We have to think about what brands you.
MS: Yeah. MK: That's the challenge. When you look at the people you have to deal with.
MK: We have some places to go. (Music: Okay. Turn out the camera.
MS: I thought he was in the camera meant we have a conversation outside of microphone.
Turn the camera means "We don't want to know anything about your film.
MS: And so it was, one for one, all of these companies suddenly disappeared.
None of them want to have anything to do with this film.
I was surprised.
They didn't want to know nothing about this project.
And I was very impressed -- I thought that the concept of advertising, was to present the product to as many people as possible, to make so many people see it as possible.
Especially in the world today this intersection of new media and old media and the stage of the separate media is not the idea to tell with that new idea of attention that is going to take the message to the mass?
No, that's what I thought.
But the problem was, you see, that my idea had a federal mistake, and that error was this one.
Actually no, there was no mistake.
There was no mistake at all.
This would have been fine.
But the problem was what this image.
See, when you look for attractions of transparency, in Google --   This is one of the first images that appear.
I like your way to step, Sergey Brian. No.
This was the problem: the transparency, of simulation or deception -- easily detected or seen, easily recovery -- that is characterized by the visibility or information of information, especially in business practices -- being the last line maybe the biggest problem.
You see, let's hear a lot about transparency in these days.
Our politicians, the name of the name, the name of the name, even the News named it.
But all of a sudden when it's about making it really changes suddenly.
But why? Well, transparency gives fear --  like that weird bear that still keeps playing.
It's impossible."   Like this rare rural path.
And it's also very risky.
What else is it that is record?
I will eat a entire bowl of Colorado Babylon.
That's very risky.
When I started talking to companies and tell them that we wanted to tell this story and said, "No, we want you to tell a story.
We want you to tell a story, but you tell our story."
See, when I was a kid, and my father caught me at some lie -- and there he was looking at me as I used to -- he said, "Son, there's three sides in every story.
There's your story, it's my story, and it's the real story.
As you see, in this film we wanted to tell the real story.
But with just a company, a agency wanted to help me -- and that just because I knew John Bond and Richard King of many years -- I realized that I would have to go for my account, I would have to take the media and go to companies myself with all my team.
So what I started to realize suddenly -- what I started to realize is that when you start to talk about companies the idea of understanding your brand is a universal problem.
MS: I have friends who make big movies, enormous, giant films and others who make small, independent films, like mine.
And my friends who make Hollywood movies big, giant Hollywood movies, they say the reason their films have so much success is because of the markets that they have.
And then my friends who make independent films say, "Well, how are we supposed to compete with these big, giant Hollywood pictures?
And the movie is called "The largest film now."
How are we going to see Bangladesh in the movie?
Every time I am to go out, every time I open my photographer, you'll see the Professor Bang.
Any moment during an interview with someone can say, "Are you good for this interview?
Are you ready? You see a little nervous.
I want to help you to calm you.
Maybe you should put a little bit of this before the interview.
And there I would offer one of these fabulous artists.
As much as "The "The "Heads of "The Paris are going to have their chance.
We're going to have both for man as for a woman, silk, flexible, in mud, as it is.
That's the general look.
Now I can answer your questions and give you a big look.
Karen Francisco, we're a small brand machine.
So similar to the smallest types of films that you tell -- we are rather a rival brand.
So we don't have the budget that other marks have.
So doing things like this, you know, remind people are the reason why this is really interesting.
MS: What words would you use to describe to Bangladesh."
They're in white.
KF: That's a big question.
Woman: technology.
MS: Technology is not the way you want to describe something you put in the box.
Man: We talk about something caused, heart.
I think "Hero-summer is a great word that actually puts this category in positive versus "The smell and the "Progress" and the "Parkinson's behavior.
It keeps you cold.
How do you keep a waste more time? With better confidence, more surrounding, three times more fraction.
Things like those who represent the benefits.
MS: And that's a molecular company.
What about me? What about a common kind?
I need to talk to the man in the street, people like me, to the common pieces.
They have to talk about my brand.
MS: How do you define your market?
Man: Mom my market?
I don't know.
I like the good clothes.
Woman: I will survive the '80s, "Protestration of Paris unless it is a lead day.
MS: All right, what is the branches market?
George: Something unique. (Music: Natural men. Man: I guess the kind of gender, the style I have would be like a dark molecule.
I like dark colors, many gray colors and things like that.
Usually I wear dancers like sun superhero, or I like the crystals and similar ones.
Woman: If Dan was a brand could be a classic control -- Mercedes Benjamin.
Man 2: The brand I am, I would call it "arriver" call.
Woman 2: In part hippie -- partly in part China, I don't know.
Man 3: I'm the kind of spaces.
I sold toys for pets in the country and in the world.
So I guess that's my brand.
In my little sectors, that's my brand.
Man 4: My brand is Proven because I put the market in.
Man 5: Marcular Lebanonaur March.
Is that something?
I am a lawyer.
Man: I'm Al.
MS: Well, we can't all be brand March and I often economic to the intersection of dark "Mother and card cost."
I realized I needed an expert.
I needed somebody who could go into my head, someone who could help me understand what they call the marketing "the "Magnart?"
And I found a company called London Mallary in Pittsburgh.
They helped companies like Steve, February, Delihtaki to discover that marketing personality.
If you could do it for them, you probably could do it for me.
Handerscope, the photos, right?
MS: Yeah. The first picture is a family photo.
A: Tell me a little bit about how you relate to your thoughts and feelings your feeling.
MS: These people model my way to see the world.
A: Tell me about that world.
MS: That world? I think your world is the world that you live around -- as people around you, your friends, your family, the way you live your life, the work you do.
All of those things originated and start in a place and in my case and start in my family, in West Virginia.
A: What's the next one you want to talk about?
MS: The next one is "This was the best day of my life."
A: How do you relate to your thoughts, feelings and your way to be?
MS: It's like who I want to be me.
I like different things.
I like weird things. I like weird things.
A: Tell me about the "something: Why is that?
What's the ball? What phase phase you find now?
Why is it important to do the region? What does the red.
Tell me a little bit about that.
A little more of you, which is not who you are.
What other metaphors have you got?
You don't have to have fear, what kind of mountain is Russian that you are?
MS: Hey. DN: Thank you. No, thank you.
A: Thank you for your patient. (Music: Big job.  (Chromoson: Thank you very much. Very good.
MS: Yeah, I don't know what's going to come out of this.
There was a lot of crazy in all of this.
Jewish Macholika, the first thing I saw was this idea that there are two different sides -- but in the printer personality -- the brand Morgan California is a concern brand.
They get very well together.
And I think there's almost a paradox in them.
And I think some companies will only focus on one of their strong points or in the other instead of focusing on both.
A lot of companies tend to -- and it's human nature -- to avoid the things that are not safe, they avoid fear, those elements, and you actually give you a little bit of a little bit of a positive for you, and it's nice to see that.
What other brands are this?
The first here is the classic one, Apple.
And you can see it also to Street, River, Rick de Minister Collection and Lincoln.
Now there are limitations and conscious frames, those things that have gone and come and forth, but a conceptual brand, is something quite powerful.
MS: A conceptual market. What's your market?
If someone asks you to describe your sense of brand, your brand personality -- what would it be?
Are you an accelerated accessible? Are you someone who makes the blood flow up?
Or are you rather a restaurant attract?
A little bit more called the banker, server conservative?
And the accessible attributes are like being playful to be fresh like the Prince, contemporary concept, antibody or the advertising or bold like Israel Florida, quickly or Green, worse, anticipation, microbes or mystic like Algo.
Or are you rather than absolute abuse of strength?
Are you conscious -- sophisticated like 2007?
Are you started, traditional production, produced protection? Do you identify with honey?
Are you reliable, stable, familiar, confident, safe, sacred or a wise or a wise or the Dalai Lama or Day?
In the course of this film we had over 500 companies, access and dependences, they said, "No, they didn't want to be part of this project.
They didn't want to have anything to do with this film, mainly because they wouldn't have control, they wouldn't have control about the final product.
They allowed us to tell the story of Army, and we got to tell the story in this movie of how they use magnetic resonance to identify the centers of desire in the brain so much for marketing marketing for film.
We went to San Paulo where they have banned free air advertising.
In the entire city for the last five years, there are no clothes, no cells, no color, nothing.
And we went to school districts where companies are doing road in schools with problems in the U.S.
The amazing thing to me is that the projects in which I've had the biggest answer or that I've gotten more successful are the ones I've interacted with things directly.
And that's what these marks did.
They took the community, they took their agencies, and they said maybe these agencies don't have my best interest in mind.
I'm going to try directly with the artist.
I'm going to work with him to create something different, something that's going to make people think about people, which will challenge the way we look at the world.
And how did they have gone? They were successful?
Well, since the movie is happening at the University of University, let's take a look.
According to Broke the movie is going into January and since then, and this is not all -- we've had 900 million impressions in the media for this film.
This covers just a period of two and a half weeks.
That's just online -- no press, no TV.
The movie is still not distributed.
It's still not online. It's not in reach.
It's not even presented in other countries yet.
Ultimately, this film has already begun to win momentum.
And it's not bad because almost all the agencies we talked about in their customers will not be part of it.
I've always believed that if you risk yourself, if you take risks, that in those risks are opportunities.
I think when you get to the people that's pushing them into failure.
I think when you train their employees in the risk of risk is preparing their entire company to seem reward.
I feel that what has to happen to move forward is that we need to encourage people to get involved.
We need to encourage people to have no fear of the opportunities that can scare them.
Ultimately, forward, I think we have to give it place to fear.
We have to put that bear on a cage.
Let's open the fear. We open the risk.
From a charge at a time, we have to embrace the risk.
And ultimately, we need to hold the transparency.
More than ever a little bit of honesty is going to run a long way.
And I said this, with honesty and transparency, all of my talk "Spring the Parkinson's been presented by my good friends of Muslim who by 1930 bought the rights of the name in State.
AM: turning big data in big opportunities for companies around the world.
CA presents "The "Path" ask.
Thank you very much people.
June Cohen: So Google, in behalf of transparency, which happened exactly with those 1930?
MS: It's an exceptional question.
In my pocket I have a cell at the name of the TED matrix, the Poland Foundation, a Charles for 1800 to be applied to my TED care of the next year.
The idea behind the unimaginable computer worm is actually very simple.
We don't want Iran to get the nuclear bomb.
Their biggest asset to develop nuclear weapons is the rise of southern America in Nano.
The gray boxes that you see are control systems in real time.
If we managed to compromise these systems that control speeds and flows, we can cause a lot of problems with the contraction.
gray boxes don't use "Texas software -- they're from a completely different technology.
But if we managed to put an effective virus of Windows in a laptop that is used by an engineer to build this gray box, then we're ready.
This is the plan behind Statema.
We started with a Windows computer.
The blog enters the gray box, given the control, and the nuclear program would be prescribed is seemingly -- mission.
It's easy, right?
I want to tell you how we discovered this.
When we started to research about Steven six months ago, the purpose was completely unknown.
The only thing that you knew is that it's very, very complex in the part of Ringuents, the statement used multiple dance values.
It seemed to want to do something with these gray boxes -- these control systems.
That called the attention, and we started an experiment where we infect our environment with Statema and we saw what happened with this.
So they spent very strange things.
So I was behaving as a lab rat that I didn't like our cheese -- the wave, but I didn't want to eat.
I didn't make sense for me.
And after experiment with different flavors of cheese -- I realized, and I thought, "This is a targeted attack.
It's completely diagnosed."
The viewer is looking for active in the gray box if you find a specific configuration, and even if the program that's trying to infect is effectively working on that place.
If not, Steven doesn't do anything.
So that called my attention, and we started working on this almost 24 hours a day, because I thought, "We don't know what the target is.
It might be, let's say for example, a U.S. energy plant or a chemical plant in Germany.
Better than we would find the goal soon.
So we extracted and we replicated the attack code, and we found that it was structured in two digital bombs -- a little and a big one.
We also saw that they were extremely armed by people who obviously had all the internal information.
They knew all the dots that I would attack.
You probably even know how much the operator is.
So you know everything.
And if you've heard that the Starlian displacement is complex and high technology, let me tell you, the burden is very complex.
It's very above everything we've seen before.
Here you see a sample of this attack.
We're talking about about 15,000 lines of code.
It looks pretty much like the old expert language.
I want to tell you how we could find sense of this code.
What we looked at at the beginning were called the systems of the system, because we know what they do.
Then we looked at teachers and data structures and trying to relate to the real world, with objective potential in the real world.
We need theories about distribution that we could try or preserve.
To get to theories about goals, we remember that it's definitely a violent advantage, it must be a valuable, and it's safe in Iran, because it's where most of the infections have been replaced.
You don't find several thousands of targets in that area.
It's basically reduced to the nuclear power plant of Black and the attack plant.
So I said to my assistant, "I read a list of all the experts in control and power plants between our commercials."
I called them and put them in a effort to play their experience with what we found in code and data.
And it worked pretty well.
So we were able to associate the little digital bird with the motor control.
The motor is that mobile part inside the contract, that black object you see.
If you manage the speed of this artist, they can certainly hold it and even make the container explode.
What we also saw is that the goal of the attack was to make it slow and respect in an obvious effort to become crazy to the nest maintenance engineers, so they couldn't solve this quickly.
We try to decipher the big digital bird looking very close to the data and their structures.
So for example, the number 164 senses in that code, cannot be obvious.
I started to research scientific literature about how these centers are built in Nanopale and found that they're structured in what's called a waterfall and every waterfall contains 160 contractors.
That made sense, there was a coincidence.
And it got better yet.
These facilities in Iran are divided in 15 parts called stages.
And guess what we find in the attack?
A pretty identical structure.
So again, that was a good coincidence.
This gave us a lot of confidence to understand what we had between hands.
So there are no controllers? It wasn't like that.
The results have been taken after several weeks of hard work.
We were literally finished in the sales and we had to go back to it.
And yet, we discovered that both digital police were pointing to one and the same goal, but from different angle.
The small little boy is taking a waterfall and making it turn the writers and accepting them, and the big bright communicates with six cards and manipulating valves together.
We are very confident that we've determined what the distribution is.
It's National -- and it's just national.
We shouldn't worry that other targets are hit by Stateman.
So here I show you a few very interesting things that we saw, really impressed me.
There's the gray box there, and you see the contracts.
What this thing is doing is to intercept the input values for example, from pressure sensors and the sensors of vibration and providing legitimate code, which still executed during attack, with false data.
And believe or not, these fake data data are introduced by Statemabbus.
It's like in Hollywood movies where, during the robot, the security camera is fired from video video.
Is it great there?
The idea here is obviously not just broken to the operators in the fourth control.
It's really much more dangerous and shark.
The idea is to make a digital security system.
We need digital security systems where a human operator couldn't act fast.
For example, on a power plant, when the large steam turbines are going through speed, you have to open up a light valve in a millisecond one.
Obviously, this can't make it a human operator.
That's where we need digital security systems.
And when they're committed to, then you can pass bad things.
The plant can explode.
And not the narratives and the security system will notice it.
That scares you.
But it can be worse.
What I'm going to say is very important.
Think about this. This is a genetic attack.
It has nothing to see, specifically, with controllers, with translation and uranium desert.
It could work also, for example, on a power plant, or in a car plant.
It's generous.
And you don't have -- like the letters, which will disseminate this charge with a USB key, as we saw in the case of Statema.
You could also use conventional technology of worms to disseminate it.
And the most possible.
And if you did that, what you end up with is a market destruction of mass destruction.
That's the consequence we need to face.
Unfortunately, the largest number of targets for such attacks is not in the Middle East.
It's in the United States and in Japan.
All green areas are spaces with large numbers of goals.
We need to face the consequences, and we better start preparing now.
Thank you.
Chris Anderson: I have a question.
Balancy, it's been done in many sides that people assume that Museum is the main entities behind this.
What's your pressure?
Ralph Ladies, OK, do you really want to hear this?
Yeah. Okay.
My guess is that the Miss is involved, but the engine is not Israel.
The engine behind this is cyber perception.
There is one alone, and that's the United States, fortunately, unfortunately.
Because otherwise our problems would be even larger.
CA: Thank you. Thank you, Balancy.
So I want you to imagine a robot that you can take and give them orbiting skills or another one that makes users of wheelchair the wheelchair go up and go back to walk.
In "The Berkeley Books called these robots, students.
They're not anything different from something that gets in the morning, gives you a great force that also increases its speed, and help you, for example, to handle balance.
It's actually the real integration of man and machine.
But not only that -- you can integrate it and connect it to the universe and with other foreign ones.
This is not an artistic idea.
In order to show you now what we're working on, we start talking about the American soldier who, in average, has to take over your back, a load of 45 pounds, and it's required to take even more equipment.
Obviously, this leads to some important complications -- injuries on the back, in 30 percent of the soldiers -- with chronic damage, with chronic damage.
We decided to contemplate this challenge and create a exoskeleton that could help manage the matter.
Let me introduce you to the Garden -- or Party Chicago General Chicago.
Soldier: With the Galley school, I can spend 90 pounds of variables for a lot of hours.
Its flexible design, it allows you to put in calculations and execute movement with great agility movement.
I remember what I want to do, or where I want to go, and then I increase my strength and my resistance.
They are ready, we are ready, with our industrial context, to produce this device, this new exoskeleton this year.
It's a reality.
So let's go back now to the users of wheelchair users, which I'm particularly passionate about.
There are 68 million people in the wheelchair, the wheelchair, all over the world.
It's about one percent of the total population.
And this is a really conservative calculation here.
We talk about something that happens with frequencies -- very young people, with damage in the spine of the backbone that when you start their life -- at 20, 30 or 40 years -- collide against a wall and the wheelchair turns out to be their only option.
We also talk about the population that keeps it very quickly.
His only option -- a lot of times -- for a brain injury or some other complexity -- it's the wheelchair of wheels.
And this has been that for the last 500 years, from its successful appreciation, as I should recognize.
So we decided to start by writing a new chapter on mobility.
Let me introduce you to the Elevanthesives who are using Amanda Balketter who 19 years ago had a lesion in the spine column, and as a result of it could not walk back for 19 years, so far.
Amanda Balletter: Thank you.
EB: Amanda is using our electrons, which I mentioned.
It has some sensors.
completely not invasive in the crutches that send signals to the computer computer, here on the back.
There are also some batteries that give power to the engines in the cars, and in the knees, and they make it advanced with this soft soft and very natural.
AB: I was 24 years old at the top of my life when, because of a strange jump in the air, looking down at the bottom was paralyzed.
In a fraction of second, I lost all feeling and everything from the pelvis, down.
A few time later, a doctor walked into my room in the hospital, and he said, "Man: "I will never walk.
That happened 19 years ago.
So I stole up to the last piece of hope of my being.
The adapting technology since then, has allowed me to learn how to dive down on the streets, climbing rocks and even riding in hand.
But they haven't invented anything that allowed me to walk, so far.
Thank you.
EB: As you can see, we have the technology, we have the platforms to sit and talk to you.
It's in our hands, and we have all the potential here to change life to future generations -- not only of soldiers, but the Amazon, and all the users of wheelchair the wheels, to everybody.
AB: Thank you.
I just come back from a community that has the secret of human survival.
It's a place where women have the battery, they practice sex to say, and the game is the order of the day, where the fun is serious.
And no, it's not the test of Man Pole or San Francisco.
Ladies and gentlemen, you know their cousins.
This is the world of wild songs of the forest of Congo.
The bonobos are, along with chimpanzees, their closest living relatives.
That means we all share a common ancestor, a evolutionary grandmother, which lived about six million years ago.
Now, chimps are known by their reach.
But unfortunately, we've done too much an idea in this aspect in our narratives of human evolution.
But the bonobos show us the other side of the coin.
Whereas chimpanzees are dominated by big guys, terrifying society, the neuron society is in charge of females with power.
These guys have created something special because this leads to a very tolerant society where deadly violence has not been seen.
But unfortunately, the bonobos are the least understood of the great apes of the big apes.
They live in the depths of the rainforest, and it's been very hard to study them.
Congo is a paradox -- an extraordinary land of extraordinary biodiversity and beauty, but also the heart of the similar simulation of a violent conflict that has been progressed for decades and caused almost as many deaths like the First World War.
It's not to extract that this destruction also carries the survival of the Bonobo.
The meat of meat of hunting and deforestation makes you can't fill up or a stadium with the bonobos that stay in the world, and honestly, we're not sure that.
However, in this land of violence and chaos you can hear the hidden laughter by measuring trees.
Who are these cousins.
We know it as the apes as the female makes love, not the "The "The "The "The "The "The "The thing, because they have a reflective sex, money and bisexual sex to handle conflict and solve social problems.
I'm not saying that this is the solution to all the problems of humanity because the life of Bonobos is more than the Kanzi Street.
The notes, as humans, love playing throughout their lifetime.
Play is not just a game of children.
For us, and for them the game is fundamental to establish links and foster the tolerance.
With him we learn to trust, and we learn the rules of play.
The game increases creativity and resilience and it has to do with the generation of diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity of connections of connections.
And when you look at the eye game sees the evolutionary roots themselves, the dance and the human ritual.
The game is the glue that binds us.
I don't know how you play you, but I want to show you a couple of unique video videos taken from the wild.
First of all, it's a photographic photograph game, and I don't talk about football, and I don't talk about football, right?
Here we have a female and a young male in the middle of a service.
Look at what she is doing.
It could be the evolutionary origin of the phrase, "It's got it from the blood pain.
I just think in this case to him, right?
Yeah.
So sexual play is common as much as in humans.
And this video really is interesting because it shows -- this video really is interesting because it shows the invention of bringing unusual elements to play -- like the stuff -- and also how the game requires trust and consequences trust, and at the same time it's the most fun.
But play is computer.
The game is computer, it can adopt many ways, some of which are more stream, imaginative -- maybe the place where the wonder.
And I want you to see -- this is Falm, a young female man, who is playing with water.
I think like her, sometimes we play alone, and we explore the limits of our inner worlds and outer worlds.
And it is that playful curiosity that drives us to explore, to interact and then the unexpected connections that we form are the actual seed of creativity.
These are just small samples of understanding that Bonobos give us our past and present.
But they also have a secret for our future, a future where we have to adapt to a increasingly difficult world with greater creativity and greater cooperation.
The secret is that play is the key to these capabilities.
In other words, the game is our adaptation support.
To adapt to a world that changes have to play.
But will we leverage the maximum our game capacity?
The game is not fair.
The game is essential.
For Bonobo and humans alike, life is not just cruel and described.
When it seems to be appropriate to play, you can be the moments that it's the most urgent thing.
So you know, primates, we accept this gift of evolution and play together as we discover creativity, the friendship and the wonder.
Thank you.
In New York, I'm responsible for developing a nonprofit organization called Robin Congo.
When I'm not fighting poverty, I bomb fires as a captain assistant.
And in our city, where volunteers committed to a highly skilled staff you have to get to the site of the fire very soon to enter action.
I remember my first fire.
I was the second volunteer in the site, so I had a pretty high probability of go.
But there was still a career race against the other volunteers to get to the charge and figure out what our task was.
When I found the captain -- I was focused on a conversation with the property that certainly went through one of the worst days of his life.
We were on the last night, she was standing outside in the rain, under a strangers, in my pajamas -- weight while his house was in flames.
The other volunteer that I just got before I was called Labor Lord, and he came first to the captain and he asked him to go into the dog of the house.
The dog. I was so high-performance."
There was a lawyer or a money of money that, during the rest of his life, I would have to tell the people who entered a building in calls to save a alive living only because I won five seconds.
Well, I was the next one.
The captain made me a disease.
He said, "Well, I need to get in the house.
I need to go through the fire, and he brought this woman a couple of machines."
I swear it.
It wasn't exactly what I expected but I was -- I walked up the stairs, at the end of the hall, I went to the real firemen that at that height or less had finished hitting the fire and entered the main room in search for a pair of shoes.
I know what you're thinking, but I'm not a hero.
I took my payload back through the staircase where I met my American and the beautiful dog in the main door.
We got out of the house the treasures for the house of house where, as it was to expect, his treasure.
A few weeks later, the department received a letter of the house of house by getting rid of the brave effort to save their house.
The kindness that she watched on the other was that somebody had even reached a pair of shoes.
Both in my voice in Robin Hood, as my volunteer because I'm a volunteer of acts of generosity and kindness.
And you know what I've learned?
Everything has its importance.
So, when I look at this room to people who have achieved or are for achieving remarkable levels of success I'd like to remind you this: Don't wait.
They don't wait to win the first million to make the difference in somebody's life.
If you have something to give, you see it now.
They serve food in a dining company, cleaning a park of the neighborhood.
Be mentors.
Not every day we're going to have the opportunity to save someone's lives, but every day we're going to be able to influence someone's lives.
So they go into the game -- they save the shoes.
Thank you.
Bruno Giussani: Mark, Mark, come back.
Mark Besses: Thank you.
This may seem strange, but I'm a great fan of the concrete block of the concrete block.
The first concrete blocks made in 1885, with a very simple idea: cement modules of a fixed measure that fit each other.
Very quickly, these became the most used unit of construction in the world.
They've allowed us to build things bigger than us, as buildings or bridges -- a brick at the same time.
Essentially, these blocks have become the pillars of our time.
Almost a hundred years later, in 1947, to Lego came up with this.
It was called the automatic assembly land.
And in a few years, Leviath Leads came to every home.
It's estimated that over 400 billion or 75 billion bricks per person on the planet.
You don't have to be engineer to build beautiful bridges or buildings or homes.
Selection made it accessible.
Selection simply adopted the concrete block in the world, and it became a fundamental piece of our imagination.
Meanwhile, exactly that same year, in the Bell labs, the next revolution was about to announce -- the new building block.
The transistor was a small plastic unit that would take us from a world of aesthetic brick paradigms on each other to a world where everything was interactive.
Just like the concrete block -- the transistor allows you to create much bigger and more complex circuits, a brick at the same time.
But there's a main difference, the transistor was just for experts.
I personally don't accept it, that the building blocks of our time are reserved to experts, so I decided to change it.
Eight years ago, when I was in the Media Lab, I started exploring the idea of bringing the power of engineers to the hands of artists and designers.
A few years ago, I started developing Law."
I'm going to show you how they work.
Talk are electronic modules every one with a specific function.
They're designed to be light, sound, motors and sensors.
And the best thing about it is that they get together by magnets together.
So you can't put it in a wrong way.
Lines have a color code.
The green is the sand, the blue is the current, the pink is the input and the orange color is the wire.
So you just have to assemble a blue with a green and very quickly, you can start making bigger circuits.
A blue with a green produce light.
We can put a button in the middle and so we have a regulation.
If we change the button by a pulse module. It's here, and now we have an international light.
We added this sign to create more impact and we have a noise machine.
I'm going to stop this.
So beyond the simple game, Lellower are actually very powerful.
Instead of having to program and connect and solve, Peter allows us to program using very simple intuitive gestures.
In order to get faster or slower, you simply turn this button that makes the pulse faster or slower.
The idea behind Legal is that it's a growing collection.
We want all of the interactions in the world to be reduced to bricks ready to use.
Lucas -- sounds, solar panels, motors, motors, all must be accessible.
We've given the kids to see them playing with them.
And it's been an incredible experience.
The best thing is how they start to understand the electronics of every day that doesn't learn in schools.
For example, how a light of night, or why the door of an elevator is held open, or how a iPod responds to the touch.
We've also led to the design schools.
So for example, designers without any experience in electronics start playing with Leviath as a material.
Here you can see, with paper bottles and fire, we have George creating Greece.
(Music sounds)  A few weeks ago we took the designers from the Rhode Island School designers who have no experience in engineering, just in cardboard.
Here's an example of a project that you've done, a conventional conversation of a movement.
But wait, here comes my favorite project.
It's a little statistic made of the plastic that has fear of darkness.
For these no engineers, Poland became another material, electronics became another material.
And we want this material to reach all of us.
So, Thailand has open code.
You can visit the website, download all the design files and manufacture them.
We want to encourage a world of creators and inventors and collaborators because this world we live, this interactive world, is ours.
So I go ahead and invent up.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you about unexpected discoveries.
I work in the solar technology industry.
And my little company sought to engage with the environment focused on the environment.
The distributed collaboration.
This is a little video of what we do.
Hmm. Wait for a moment.
You can get a little bit in charge of it.
We can continue to continue the video to one side.
No.
This is not ...
All right.
Solar technology is ...
Oh, is the time?
All right. Thank you very much.
A couple of years ago, I launched an initiative to recruit the best designers and techniques so that they take a year and work in an environment that represents almost everything that is supposed to determine. We asked them to work in the government.
The initiative was called Force for America and they would be like a peace of peace for phones.
We select some members every year and we put them to work with the communications.
Instead of sending them to the Third World we send them to the global world.
They made great apps, they worked with the municipal employees.
Your task is to show the possibilities of today's technology.
You know about.
This is a city from Boston City.
So here it appears as if I look for a quote, but what I really look for is that someone gets caught when he gets caught by snow because he knows it's not very good at adding fire when it's covered by a meter of snow.
How did it come to ask for aid in this single way?
Last year in Boston, we had a team of Modest Freedom for America.
They were there in February, and at that time it was a lot of the last year.
They realized that the city never clean these holes.
But one of the members called Erik Michael noticed something else: that citizens cleaned out the sidewalks right in front of them.
So he did like any good programmer, I developed an app.
It's a nice application where you can adopt a hole.
You accept to clean it up when snow.
When you do that, you put a name, in this case he put it.
If you don't do it, somebody can replace it.
That is a medical component.
It's a modest application.
Maybe it's the smallest of the 21 applications that are programmed last year.
But it does something that no other technology of the government is.
And it spreads into viral form.
One responsible for systems from the city of Congolese to see this app realized that he could use it, not for snow, but for citizens to adopt sensory sentences.
It's very important that these state signs work, but people steal the batteries.
That's why I ask citizens to control them.
And then Seattle decided to use it to make the citizens leave the deceptions of them.
And Chicago just launched it to make people registered to clean sidewalks when snow.
So now we know about nine cities that plan to use it.
And this has spread without corporations, in a organic and natural way.
If you know a little bit of government technology you'll know that this doesn't normally happen.
The software of software usually takes a couple of years.
Last year in Boston, we had a team working on a project that required three people for two and a half months.
It was a tool for parents to choose the best public school for their children.
Then they told us that we had done by the normal channels would have taken at least two years and cost about two million dollars.
And that's not nothing.
Now there is a project in the Western power of California that so far has been cost by 2,000 million dollars and it doesn't work.
And there are projects like this at every level of government.
So an app that shows in a couple of days and spread in a viral form is a kind of warning of warning to the institution of government.
It suggests the best ways of working, not as private companies, as many people think it should be.
Nor as a technological company, but rather like the Internet.
That is, without restrictions in open form and generative ways.
And that's important.
But the most important thing about this app is that it represents the way we tackle the question of the government that has the new generation, not as a problem of an evil institution but as a collective action.
And that's very good because it turns out we're very good for collective action with digital technology.
And there's a very large community of people who are building the tools for us to work together with efficacy.
And it's not only Corner for America but there are hundreds of people around the country that contribute to civic applications every day in their own communities.
They haven't been given with the government.
They feel a great frustration to that, but they don't complain it, they fix it.
And these people know something that we have lost from view.
And it is that if we leave the feelings about politics, the row at the Monterey Reduce Moore's -- and all of those other things that get us crazy -- the government is, essentially, in words of Tim Microsoft, "What we do together because we just can't can."
Now, a lot of people have left the government.
If you're one of those people, I would ask you to think about it, because things are changing.
Politics doesn't change -- the government.
And because the government ultimately mass of us -- remember that from us, the public? The way of thinking about it to affect the way that change change.
I didn't know a lot of government when I started this.
And as a lot of people thought that the government was to choose people to take care of them.
Well, after two years I've come to the conclusion that the government is, above all, cost of hands.
This is the center of phone care and information.
It's the place that is called the calls if you mark 1349 in the U.S.
Scott got this call.
In the basis of official knowledge.
I didn't find anything. It started with animal control.
And finally he said, "Hey, can you open the doors in the house, put it very strong and see if you go around?
And it worked. So by Seattle.
But that wasn't the end of the biosidines.
Boston doesn't have a call center.
It has an app and web and mobile called "The Congresson Congress.
We don't program that application.
It was the work of very smart people in the office of New Boston College in Boston.
One day, this happened really, it comes to this question: "Greek in my garbage -- I don't know if it's dead.
How do I do to it?"
The Canadian Canadian dynamic is different.
Scott was speaking in person.
In Alices Congress everything is public, so everybody can see this.
In this case, I saw it a neighbor.
The next report said, "I approached the place, I found the garbage behind the house.
Richard? Yes. Can you? Yes.
I went back the stuff. I went home.
Good night, he heads from the biosidility.
Quite simple.
This is great. It's the confluence of the digital and the physical.
And it's also a great example of government income to the distributed voluntary collaboration.
But it's also a great example of government as a platform.
And here I don't necessarily mean the planetary definition of platform.
I'm talking about a platform for people to help people help and help others.
So, one citizen helped another but here the government had a key role.
He connected two people.
And it could have connected to the government services of being necessary but the neighbor is a better alternative and cheaper than government services.
When one neighbor helps another, we get the communities.
If we call animals, that costs a lot of money.
One important thing we have to think about the government is that it's not the same as politics itself.
A lot of people understand it, but they think one is the entrance of the other.
That our entry to the government system is the vote.
How many times have you chosen a political leader? Sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader, and then we hope that the government reflects our values and satisfying our needs, but then we don't see change.
That's because the government is like an immense ocean and politics is the surface layer of 15 feet.
And below is what we call background.
And we say that word with a lot of destruction.
But it is that waste that keeps that that we think that we fund something that operates in our face -- that other thing, and in consequence we're losing power.
People think politics is sound.
If we want this institution to work, we will have to make bureaucracy sexy.
Because that's where the real job of government.
We have to collaborate with the government machine.
That makes the Mosquito movement.
Have you seen them?
It's a group of concerned citizens who have written a very detailed report of 125 pages in response to the South Academy of Robotion -- about the financial reform.
That's not political activism -- it's bureaucratic artificial.
And for those of us who have reduced us to the government, it's time for us to ask what world we want to leave our children.
You have to see huge challenges that they will have to face.
Do you really believe that we get to where we have to go without solving the institution that can act in behalf of all?
We can't learn from government, we need it to be more effective.
The good news is that with technology is possible to replicate the function of government so that it can expand to civil society.
There is a generation that grew up with the Internet and knows that it's not so hard to act carefully, you only have to articulate the systems in the right way.
The average age of our members is 28 years old, so I am a greater generation than many of them.
This is a generation that has grown up taking the word and giving that almost for granted.
They're not giving that battle that we all face on who's going to talk about, they're all going to talk.
You can express their opinions in any channel at the same time and they do.
So when the government problem is not really important to do to hear their voices.
They're using your hands.
They put hands to the work to program applications that make better to the government.
And those applications allow us to use hands to improve our communities.
It can be clean up a fight, taking weeds away, crawling a garbage cube that has a heating in it.
Since then, we always could have cleaned those holes and lots of people do.
But these applications are as digital reminder that we are not just consumers that are not only consumers of government that we pay taxes, and we get services.
We are more than that; we're citizens.
And we're not going to fix the government until we don't fix the city.
So I want to ask all the present, when it comes to the important things that we have to do together, all together, will we be a crowd, or will we also be a crowd of hands?
Thank you.
This is for me a real honor.
I've spent most of the time in prisons, prisons and in the death of death.
I've spent most of my life in marginalized communities, in projects and places where there's a lot of despair.
And I will be here at TED watching and hearing these stimulus has given me a lot of energy.
One of the things I've noticed in this short time, is that TED has identity.
And the things that are said here have impact all over the world.
In occasions, if something comes from TED, it makes a sense and a force that would not have another way.
I say this because I think identity is really important.
Here we've seen fantastic presentations.
And I think we've learned that the words of a teacher can make a lot of sense, but if you teach with feeling, you can have a special meaning.
A doctor can do good things -- it's a parachute -- it can achieve much more.
So I want to talk about the power of identity.
I didn't really learn this on the practice, my work.
I learned it from my grandmother.
I grew up in a traditional house of an African-American family dominated by a marriage, which was my grandmother.
It was hard, it was strong, he had power.
It was the last word in all discussions in the family.
She started a lot of the decisions in our home.
It was a daughter of people who had been slaves.
His parents were born in slavery in Virginia about 184.
She was born about 80 and his experience with slavery and the way he saw the world.
She was hard, but it was also an amazing.
When I was small and I looked at her, she came up with me and gave me a good hug.
I was so strong that I could barely breathe, and then I was saving.
One or two hours later, she went back to look at it, and he came up to me and said, "Did you still feel my book?
And if I said no, I would love myself again, and if I said yes, I stopped in peace.
I had this human quality that made you want to be close to it.
The only problem is that I had 10 children.
My mother was the least of 10.
In occasions, when I was going to spend a time with her, it wasn't easy to capture his time and attention.
My cousins were running everywhere.
I remember when I was eight or nine years old, I woke up one morning, I went to the room and there were running all my cousins.
My grandmother was on the other side of the room and looked at me.
I thought it was a game.
So I looked at her, and she smiles it, but she was very serious.
After 15 or 20 minutes, she got up, and she went through the room, and she took me out of my hand and said, "Come out. The two are going to conversation."
I remember this as if it was yesterday.
I'll never forget it.
He took me outside and said, "Look, I'll tell you something, but you can't say to anybody.
I said, "Okay, Mammon.
She said, "Now let me not do it." I said, "Sure."
Then I sat down, and he looked at me and said, "I want you to know I've been watching you."
And he said, "I think you're special.
He said, "I think you can do whatever you want.
I'll never forget it.
Then he said, "I just want you to give me three things, "Little man."
I said, "Yes, Mammon.
And he said, "The first thing I want you to do is you always want your mother."
And he said, "She is my daughter, and you have to let me get me to always leave it."
As I loved my mom, I said, "Yes, Mom, I will."
Then he said, "The second thing I want you to ask me is that you will always do the right thing, even though the right thing is hard to do.
I thought about it, and I said, "Yes, Mammon. So I'll do it."
Then, finally he said, "The third thing I want you to do is you will never drink controller."
I was nine years old, and I said, "Yes, Mom, I will."
I grew up in the field, in rural southern -- I have a brother a year older and a sister a year.
When I was 14 or 15, one day my brother came home with a six beers package of six beers -- I don't know where I took them, and I grabbed my sister and I went to the forest.
We just got to make the crazy thing.
He took a sip of beer, he offered my sister, she took a little bit and offered me to me.
I said, "No, no, no. It's okay. You go, but I'm not going to take the neuron?
My brother said, "Come on today. And you always do the same thing as us.
I had done something, your sister as well. Take a breath."
I said, "No. I wouldn't feel good. You can say?
Then my brother looked at me.
And he said, "What's going on? Take a brain."
I looked at my gaze with force and said, "Oh, I'm not going to be thinking about the conversation with Mammoe."
I said, "But what are you talking about?
He said, "Man tells all the grandchildren who are "Cholera."
I was struck.
I have to admit something to you.
I'll tell you something that probably shouldn't say.
I know this is going to spread widely quickly.
But I have 52 years old, and I can admit I've never taken a drop of alcohol.
I don't say this thinking it's a virtual service. I say it for the power of identity.
When we create the right kind of identity, we say things to others that really don't see it.
We can't get them to do things that don't believe to be able to do.
I think my grandmother naturally believed that all of their grandchildren were special.
My grandfather had been pressure during the production.
My uncle died of age-related diseases with alcohol.
And these were the things that, according to it, we should be engaged.
Now, trying to talk about our criminal justice system.
This country is today very different than it was 40 years ago.
In 1972, there were 300,000 prisoners.
There are 2.3 million.
We have the largest incarceration rate in the world.
We have seven million people in unconditional freedom.
And this massive incarceration, in my opinion, has fundamentally changed our world.
In poor communities or black communities, you find so much depression, so much despair.
One in three black men between 18 and 30 years is in prison or in unconditional freedom.
In urban communities around the country, Los London, Philadelphia, Baltimore -- 50 to 60 percent of all the color young people are in prison or in unconditional freedom.
Our system is not just distorted in front of race, it's also about poverty.
In this country we have a judicial system that makes you much better if you're rich and guilty that if you're poor and innocent.
It's not explaining it is wealth that conditions the results.
And it seems to be very stream.
The politics of fear and anger makes us believe that these are not our problems.
We are connected.
It seems interesting.
We're looking at our work for some very curious development.
In my state, in Alabama, as well as in other states, you lose rights for always if you have a criminal trust.
Right now in Alabama, 34 percent of the black male population has lost the right to the vote.
And if we project it over the next 10 years the level of loss of rights will be as elevated as it was before they were going to take the law right into the vote.
We have this amazing silence.
I represent children.
A lot of my customers are very young.
The United States is the only country in the world where it's sentenced to 13 years to die in prison.
We have this prison country for children, without possibility to go out there.
Right now we are in a process of some pathogens.
The only country in the world.
It represents people in the death of death.
This issue of death penalty is interesting.
In a sense, have you taught us to think that the final question is, people deserve to die by the female feeds?
A very sensitive question.
But you can think of another way about how we are in our identity.
There's another way of looking at it, it's not about deciding if people deserve to die by the crimes of eat, but if we deserve to kill.
This is interesting.
The death penalty in America is defined by mistake.
In every nine people, you have identified one that is innocent that is strange and liberated from the death of death.
An amazing rate of error, amazing.
This is interesting.
In aviation you wouldn't ever be allowed to pilot airplanes if every nine percent of them will leave, you would have to scan it.
But somehow we get rid of the problem.
It's not our problem.
It's not our charge.
It's not our fight.
I talk a lot about these things.
I'm talking about race and this issue of whether we deserve killing.
It's interesting that in my classes with students about American history, I talk about slavery.
I talk about terrorism, the time at the end of the rebuilding and it lasted to World War II.
We really don't know much about this.
But for the black Americans in this country, it was a time defined by the terror.
In many communities people were afraid of being a little line.
They were worried to be bombarded to be arms.
The threat of the terror was what defined his lives.
Now there are older people who come up to me and say, "Mr. Britain, you say talks about talks -- Do discoveries. Tell people who stop saying that in our history we deal with the first time with terrorism, after 111 11.
They ask me to say, "No. I say we grew up with that."
The era of terrorism continued to, obviously, with segregation and decades of racial disability and separation.
In this country we have a dynamic that we don't like to talk about our problems.
We don't like to talk about our story.
And that's why we haven't understood the meaning of what we've historically done.
All of the time we collide with each other.
We constantly create tensions and conflict.
It costs us to talk about race. I think it's because we're not willing to engage with a process of truth and reconciliation.
In South Africa, people understood that they couldn't overcome racial devotion without a commitment with truth and reconciliation.
In Rwanda, even before the genocide had this commitment, but in this country we haven't done it.
I was in Germany giving lectures on death penalty conference.
It was fascinating because one of the teachers left after my presentation and said, "You know it's good to listen to what you say."
He said, "We don't have death death in Germany.
We will never be able to have it here."
The room stayed in silence and a lady said, "There is no way that with our story, we can never get into the systematic death of human beings.
It would be irrational that we, intensive and depressed, would be asked to execute people."
They think about this.
How would we feel in a world where a nation like Germany, would it take people, especially if they were in their greatest Jews before?
We couldn't tolerate it.
It would be irrational.
And yet, there's this repertoine.
I think our identity is in danger.
If we don't really care about these hard issues, the positive things and wonderful things are, however, implanted.
We love innovation.
It fascinated us technology. We love creativity.
We love entertainment.
But lately, those realities are wired by suffering, abuse, decrease, digital.
In my view, you need to integrate both things.
We eventually talk about the need to have more hope, more engagement, more evidence-based with the basic challenges of this complex world.
I think that means spending more time thinking and talking about the poor, the designers, the ones that will never come to TED.
Think of them is, in a way, something that's inside our being.
It's true that we have to believe in issues we haven't seen.
So we are -- despite being so rational -- so committed to the intellectual thing.
In innovation, with creativity. The development comes not just about brain ideas.
These things come from food as well as the hearts of the heart.
This connection of the mind with heart is what drives us not only in brilliant and unfortunately, but also in dark and hard.
Allegant Hello, the great CEO, talked about this.
He said, "When we were in Eastern Europe, suffering the oppression we needed all sorts of things, but mostly what we needed was hope, orientation for the spirit -- a willingness to be in places of despair and being a storyteller."
Well, that orientation for the spirit is basically in the heart of what I think, that even in communities like TED, it must be supposed.
There's no disconnect related to technology and design, which allows us to be truly human if we don't pay attention to poverty, to extinction, to inequality.
Now I want to warn you that these thoughts make a much more challenging identity than if we ignore these things.
Let's find them.
I had the great privilege, being a very young lawyer to meet Rosa Parks.
These women are meeting simply to speak.
Occasionally, Mr. Francisco called me to say, "Look, come the Bernet Borine. We're going to come together to speak.
Do you want to come and listen to me?"
I was like, "I know lady. I do."
So she said, "Well, what do you do when you come from?"
I said, "Let's listen to you."
So I was going and I just listened to them.
It was something very serious, very slowly.
And in one occasion, I was there, listening to these ladies, and after a couple hours, Ms. Parks turned to me and said, "Now, Brazilian -- tell me that this idea of egalitarian justice.
Tell me what you're trying to do."
And I started giving him my speech.
I said, "Well, we're trying to question injustice.
We try to help those who have been convicted finally.
We try to confront prejudice and discrimination in the administration of criminal justice.
We try to end up with the feelings of life, without a national freedom for children.
We try to do something about death penalty that we try to do.
We try to reduce population in prisons.
We're trying to end up with mass cancers.
And I gave it all my best speech and he looked at me and said, "Mom mountain mountain."
And he said, "You would make metaphor, very "Google at all.
At that point, Ms. Carro leaned up, he put me the finger on the face and said, "This is why you have to be very, very small.
I think actually, the TED community has to be much more valuable.
We have to figure out how to deal with those challenges, those problems, that suffering.
Because finally humanity depends on compassion for others.
I've learned some very simple things in my work.
I've been educated in simple things.
I have come to understand and believe that each one of us is higher to the worst thing we have completely.
I think that's true for everybody on the planet.
I'm convinced that if somebody says a lie, it's not because it's a liar.
I'm sure if someone takes something that doesn't belong to you, not that it's a leader.
Even if someone kills another one, it's not that it's a state.
So I think there's a basic dignity in people who have to be respected by law.
I also believe that in many parts of this country, and certainly in many parts of the world, the opposite of poverty is not the wealth.
That's how it isn't.
I really think that in many parts of poverty is justice.
And finally, I think that even though it's very dramatic -- very beautiful, very unusual, very unexpected, not to be played by our technology, for our designs, not for our intellectual or rational capacity.
At the end you judge the character of a society, not the way they treat rich, powerful and privileged but the way they treat the poor, the convicted ones, the prisoners.
Because it's in this context as we started to understand really profound issues about what we are.
Sometimes I'm surprisingly. I'm going to end up with a story.
Sometimes I make too much force.
I was tired, like all.
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my reasoning in a major way.
I've been representing these kids who have been sitting with a lot of death.
I go to jail and I see my 10-year-old customers and 14 years old, who have been falling out to be played as adults as adults.
And I start thinking, how can it be?
How can a judge turn someone in what isn't it?
The judge called it as an adult, but I see a child.
One night too late I was wake up thinking, for God, if the judge can become something you don't are, should have magical powers.
Yes, Brazilian, the judge has magical powers.
You should ask for something about that.
And as it was too late, I couldn't think about it, but I started working on a minute.
I had a 14 year-old client -- a tiny, poor, black.
I started working on the action, with a presentation that said, "Man so that my black client 14 is treated as a privileged white bit of 75 years old, executive of a creativity."
In the emotion I had had been conduct in the adults, in the behavior of police and the process.
There was an obvious line about how in this country there is no ethical line, but a lack of ethical ethics there.
So the next morning, I woke up thinking that incredible amount would be a dream, or really the writer?
For my horror, not only had it reduced it, but he had sent it to the cut.
About two months, I had forgotten it.
And finally I decided, "Oh my God, I have to go to the court for this stupid case.
I went up to the car and felt truly associated, overwhelming me.
I went in the car to the game.
I thought this would be very difficult and sorry.
I finally got down the car. I walked the game.
I was climbing the stairs when I found a older black man -- it was the monkey conservation.
When he saw me, he came up and said, "Who is you?
I said, "I'm a control? He said, "Is you lab? I said yes.
So I got up and hug myself.
And I whispered in the ear.
He said, "I'm proud of you."
I have to tell you now that that was actually actually actually away.
That became deeply connected to my interior, with my identity with the ability that we all have to contribute to the community with a vision of hope.
Well, I went into the audience room.
When I got in, the judge saw me.
And he said, "Mr. Britain, you wrote this mass mass?
I said, "I know Mr. -- I was "Monther." And we started discussing it.
People started getting there. They were all indicated.
I was the one who had written those madness.
They came up with the police fiscal fishermen, the adverses.
Suddenly, without knowing how, the room was full of people. All tricky because we talked about race, because we talked about poverty, because we talked about inequality.
With the ball of the eye, I went out to see the conversation that I was going and came.
I was looking through the window and I was able to hear all that track.
I kept walking around and so on.
Finally, this old black black, I walked into the room and sat behind me, almost at the table of lawyers.
About 10 minutes later, the judge described a recession.
During the break, a state of the malaria was preferred because the building had entered the room.
The assistant was called the old black.
And he said, "Jim, what do you do in the audience?
And the old black man stood up, looked at the assistant, looked at me and said, "I've got this room of audience to tell this young man to tell this young man who kept his view on the piece of "Facebook."
I have come to TED today because I think many of you understand that the moral arc of the universe is very large, but it applies to justice.
We can't really be truly human humans if we don't care about human rights and by dignity.
That our survival is bound to each other.
That our visions of technology, design, entertainment and creativity must be able to get to the structures, compassion and justice.
And on top of all, those of the people who share this, I simply want to tell you that they keep the view in the goal with memory.
Thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You just heard and see an individual desire of the audience, of this community, to help in your purpose, to do something.
Something that's not a species. What can we do?
SS: There are several opportunities close there.
If you live in the state of California, for example, there will be a referendum this spring in which a effort is going to be able to figure out the funds that are spending today in punishment policy.
For example, here in California, you're going to spend a billion dollars in death penalty in the next five years.
And despite this, 46 percent of the cases of homicide don't rely on arts.
50 percent of the rapes don't get anything.
Here's a change opportunity.
This reference is going to propose that these funds are defining the law, to safety.
I think there's a very close opportunity.
CA: There has been a huge decline in crime in the United States, in the last three decades.
Part of the explanation, it's said that it has to do with the highest incarceration rate.
What would you say to those who believe it is?
SS: Actually, the rate of crime with violence has remained relatively stable.
The big growth in mass space in this country is not for crimes with violence.
It's because of the wrong war against drugs.
That's why this dramatic increase in the prison population.
And we were allowed to convince the rhetoric of the punishment.
We have three legal causes to take people on perpetual chain, for stealing a bicycle, by small crimes against ownership instead of making those resources back to their victims.
I think we need to do more to help the victims of crime and not less.
It seems to me that our current philosophy about punishment is nothing for anyone.
I think that's the orientation that has to change.
CA: Brenda, we've excited us today here.
You're very inspiring.
Thank you very much for coming to TED. Thank you.
Announcer: They grow the threats by the death of Bin Laden.
Second two: famine in Somalia, Joe 3: The police red O.C. spray O.C.
Justine 4: The Leadership searched. Just Japanese January.
Announcer: social projection. Announcer: 65 dead dead.
Announcer: alert of a tsunami, John computer.
Several people? War to the recording.
recession -- Army -- final judgment. Egypt.
crisis. Death Mercorth.
Oh, my God.
Peter Mandelands -- these are just some of the clips that I got in the last six months -- possibly could be from the last six days or the last six years.
The idea is that the press media prefer to provide negative news because our minds pay attention to them.
And that responds to a very good reason.
In every second of each day, our senses get much more data than probably the brain can process.
And as nothing matters more than survive, the first couple of all of those data is an ancient fragment of the temporal lobe called molecule.
The amygdala is our early warning detector, the danger detector.
He orders and recorded all the information looking for something in the environment that could make us harm.
So from a dozen stories we'll prefer to look at the negative.
That old reference of the press, "If there is blood, "The blood is very true.
And given that all digital devices provide negative news every seven days of the week, 24 hours a day, not to extract that we are all designers.
Don't surprise that people think that the world is going wrong.
But maybe it's not.
Maybe instead, what really happens is we get resistance.
Perhaps the huge progress done in the last century by a series of forces is accelerating so that we have the potential to create a world of abundance in the next three decades.
I'm not saying that we don't have our good problems -- climate change, the exception of species, water and energy. We certainly have them.
As human beings are very good at embracing the problems and, in the long, we ended up with them.
Let's look at what happened in the last century to see where we go.
Over the last hundred years, the average of life is more than doubled, average income per capita per inflation has been proposed across the world.
Child mortality has reduced 10 times.
Also, the cost of food, from electricity, transportation and communications -- has fallen from 10 to 1,000 times.
Steve Pinker showed us that we're living the most peaceful time of human history.
And Charles Kenya that the world's literacy went from 25 percent to more than 80 percent in the last 130 years.
We're really living an extraordinary time.
A lot of people forget it.
And we keep putting us expectations and higher expectations.
In fact, we redefined the meaning of poverty.
Think about it, today, in America, a lot of the people who live under the poverty line have electricity, water, toilets, legislation, television -- air air and cars.
The band balls of the last century, the emperor of the planet would never have dreamed of such luxury.
By supporting a lot of this is technology and lately its exponential growth.
My good friend Ray Kurzweil showed that any tool that comes into information technology in this curve, Moore's Law, and doubling price performance in about 12 to 24 months.
And so the mobile phone that you have in the pocket is a million times cheaper and a thousand times faster than a market in the 1970s.
Now look at this curve.
It's Moore's Law for the last hundred years.
I want you to look at two things in this curve.
First, how soft it is, in good and bad times, in war and peace, in recession and in the rise.
It's the result of fast computers used to build computers faster.
It doesn't stop any big challenges.
And even though it's embedded on a law on the left, it curve goes up.
The rate of growth of technology is increasingly fast.
And in this curve, from Moore's Law, there's a series of extraordinarily powerful technologies that we have today.
The computer in the cloud, which my friends of Programmer call infinite computing and sensors and networks, robotics, 3D printing and their ability to democratize and distribute personalized production all over the planet, biological biology, fuels and food, digital medicine, the nature and the A.I.
I mean, how many saw the victory in "Jeopardy" in Bonoto, of RD: Barbara.
It was a little bit.
I looked at the newspapers the best headlines that I had.
And I love this: "The "The person beat human positives."
"Jeopardy" is not a easy game.
It plays with the human language.
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the cloud, available for everybody in the phone.
Four years ago, here at TED, Ray Kurzweil and I, we launched a new university called Self-interest University.
We teach these technologies to our students, and in particular, how they can use to solve the great challenges of humanity.
And every year we asked them to run a company, or a product or a service, which can basically affect the lives of a billion people in a decade.
Think about that, the fact that a group of students today can impact the lives of a billion people.
Thirty years ago, that would have sounded absurd.
Today we can point a dozen companies that have already done it.
When I think about creating abundance -- it doesn't mean to create fancy life for every single single human electronics, it's about creating a life of possible.
It's about taking that which is scarce and to become understandable.
You see, scarcity is contextual and technology is a force that releases resources.
I'll give you an example.
It's a story of Joe 10 in the middle of 1980.
He's the guy on the left.
He invited the king of Sing.
The troops of Napoleon ate with silver covers, and the same nationality, with gold schools.
But the king of Sing, ate with aluminum cards.
You see, aluminum was the most valuable metal on the planet -- more than gold and planet.
This is why the tip of the monument to Washington is about aluminum one.
You see, although aluminum is 13,000 percent of the mass of the Earth, it doesn't come as a pure metal pattern.
It's bound by oxygen and psychologists.
But then the electricity came and made the aluminum something so cheap that we use it as if it was reproductive.
We projected this analogy towards the future.
Let's think about energy energy.
Ladies and gentlemen, we are on a planet for 5,000 times more energy than we use in a year.
They get to Earth 16 seats of energy every 88 minutes.
It's not about scarce but absolute.
And there's good news.
This year, for the first time, the cost of solar power in India is 50 percent less than the generation of designer, 8, arms versus 17 rupees.
The cost of solar energy fell 50 percent last year.
Last month, MIT published a study that shows that at the end of the decade, in the sunny parts of the United States, solar electricity cost six cents per hour compared to the 15 cents of national average.
And if we have energy energy, we also have water water.
Let's talk about wars by water.
Remember when Carl San pointed the Voyager spacecraft to the Earth in 1990, after he spent Saturn.
I took a famous picture. How did it go?
"A pale blue point."
Because we live on a water planet.
We live on a planet covered by 70 percent water.
Yes, 2012, it's salt water, two percent is ice, and we fought by five percent of the water on the planet but also here is a hope.
It's a technology available in 10 or 20 years, but right now.
It comes the nanotechnology, the nature.
In a conversation with Dean Kamen this morning, one of the innovators in the bird -- I'd like to share with you, I was allowed to do this -- your technology called Shahing -- maybe you know -- it's the size of a small refrigerator.
It's able to generate 1,000 liters of drinking water to the day of any source water water, water water, a little little little little little little than two cents the gallon.
The president of Coke just agreed to do a significant test of hundreds of these units in the developing world.
If that comes out well, and I have a full confidence in which it will be, Coca-Cola will implement it globally in 26 countries on the planet.
This is an innovation for this technology that today.
And we've seen it in mobile phones.
My God, we're going to get to 70 percent management of mobile phones in the developing world.
Think about it, that mass warrior has better mobile communications in the middle of Kenya than President Reagan 25 years ago.
And to tell a smartphone with Google, it has access to more knowledge and information than President Clinton 15 years ago.
It lives in a world of abundance of information and communications that nobody could have predicted before.
So better than that, the things that you and I have paid tens and hundreds of thousands of dollars -- mountains -- video, images, images of books and music and medical diagnostic technology -- now they replace and lose market value with mobile phones.
Maybe the best thing is when the health applications are going to be.
Last month, I had the pleasure to announce with the Muslim Foundation, something called the X X Cambodia Cambodia California.
We're challenging the teams of the world to combine these technologies in a mobile device with which they speak, and because it has Arist, they can stop, they can extract blood blood from the finger.
To win it has to make better diagnostics than a certified medical equipment.
Imagine this device in the middle of the developing world where there are no doctors, where the death load is 25 percent and 350 percent of health workers.
When this device sequence a RNA virus or DNA that I don't recognize about, calling the health of health, and first of all, prevent the pandemic happened.
But this is the biggest force to produce a world of abundance.
I call it the billion.
The white lines here are the population.
We just went through the seven billion.
By the way, the best protection against demographic explosion is to empower the world of education and health.
In 2010, we had less than two billion people online, connected people.
By 2020, it'll go from two billion to five billion users of the Internet.
Three billion minds never before you get to the global conversation.
What do these people?
What are you going to come? What do you want to be?
And instead of a economic collapse, we will have the greatest economic injection of history.
These people represent tens of billions of dollars injected in the global economy.
And you get more health thanks to the Red, of a better education with Khan Academy and because of the use of 3D printing and computation in the cloud will be more productive than ever before.
What can we give us three billion more members of humanity, healthy and productive healthy.
How about voices never before domestic?
What if we give the primates, wherever they are, a voice to be heard and can act for the first time?
What are these three billion going to do?
What if they're contributions we can't predict?
One thing I learned with the X Prize is that small teams -- guided by their passion with a clear goal, they can do extraordinary things, things that they could only do the big corporations and the governments.
I'm going to end up sharing a story that really excites me.
There's a program that maybe some of you know.
It's called Portugal.
He emerged at the University of Washington, in Seattle.
It's a game where people can take a sequence of amino acids, and figure out how to fold protein.
The folds determine the structure and the functionality.
It's something very important in medical research.
And so far, it was a computer problem.
They have played with this college teacher, among others.
And then hundreds of thousands of people joined and started playing it.
And it's shown that the Human pattern recognition today is better folding proteins than the best computers.
Ladies and gentlemen, what gives me a huge confidence in the future is that we have more power as people to take the big challenges on the planet.
We have the tools with this exponential technology.
We have the passion of the advanced animal.
We have the capital of collaboration.
And we have three billion new minds that will join us to work on the solution of the big challenges and do what we should do.
We have for a few decades.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk about a very small idea.
The issue of the game point.
And as the idea can explain in a minute, before I'll give you three examples to make time.
The first story is about Charles Darwin, one of my heroes.
He was here, as you know, in 1886.
Maybe they believed that picture pictures, but it wasn't like that.
It actually recovers fish.
And he described one of them as very "Montana."
It was the fear.
It was so heavy until the 1980s.
Now the fish is at the Red Coast of the University.
But we've heard this story many times, over Galapagos and other places, so that doesn't have anything special about it.
But the case is we still come to the Galapagos.
We still think they are proportional.
The brochures still say they are intact.
So what happens here?
The second story, also illustrates another concept, the competition of the waist.
Because I was there in 1979 studying a place in West Africa.
I was there because I grew up in Europe, and then I wanted to work in Africa.
I thought I could integrate it.
I burned with the sun and I was convinced that I wasn't there.
This is my first exhibition to the sun.
The one was surrounded by families, and as you can see, from a few mangrove mangroves.
There were the military of about 20 inches -- the black black number.
And the fishing of this metal was very abundant and passed on for a good moment, so it made more than the middle of Ghana.
When I went there 27 years later, the number of fish had dropped in half.
They dropped up at five inches of five.
They experienced a genetic pressure.
There were still fish.
In a way, they were still happy.
And fish were still happy to be there.
It's nothing to change, but everything has changed.
My third story is that I was involved in the introduction of the crash fishing in Southeast Asia.
In the 1970s, well, it started in 1960 -- Europe did a lot of development projects.
The fishing development assumed to impose the countries that already had 100,000 fishermen -- imposing industrial fishing.
And this boat, quite ugly is called the Mall Four.
I went out to fish on it, and we did studies in the south of the southern China of China, and, above all, in the Mary of Jack.
What we captured there was something remarkable.
We captured now, now the bottom of the sea.
Ninety percent of what we captured were collections, other animals who are at the bottom.
And most fish are tiny machines on a few ways, remains that are fish coral reefs.
In short, the sea bottom came to the deck and then it was thrown off.
These images are extraordinary because the transition is very fast.
In a year, you do a study and then start the commercial fishing.
The bottom of being a solid coral background, in this case, to be a plate.
This is a dead structure.
They didn't eat them because they were dead.
We had a living time.
I was not sure.
So they wanted to kill it because it was a good food.
This mountain of remains is what the fishermen are picking up every time you go to a zone where they have never fish up.
But it doesn't have a document.
We transform the world, but we don't remember it.
We adjust the point, to the new level, without remembering what was there.
If we generalize this something like this.
On the axis and we have good things -- biodiversity -- lots of arts, the period of the country, the water supply.
And that changes over time. It changes because people do things with nature.
Each generation will use the images that you get to the beginning of their conscious life as normal, and it will extrapolate it forward.
The difference is that they perceive the loss.
But they don't perceive the loss that happened before.
You can analyze the change of change.
And in the end, keep a few respects in the end.
And that, in large measure, we want to do now.
We want to keep things that are no longer what they were.
But you should think that this problem affects people when predatory societies kill animals without knowing what they've done to generations later.
Because, obviously, an animal which is very abundant before it is so comfortable.
You don't lose anti-protected animals.
You lose some common animals.
Even if this is not perceived as a great loss.
Over time, we focus on big animals, and in a regular sea of big fish.
They become a little bit of frequent because we weigh them.
Over time there are few fish, but we think that's the point.
And the question is, why do we accept this?
Well, because we don't know that it was different.
In fact, a lot of people, scientists, questioning that it was very different.
And they will do it because the evidence presented in a previous way is not the way they expect to have the evidence.
For example, the anecdote that some of you would show of, like you captain such a lot of fish in this area cannot be used, or usually they don't use the scientists.
So we have a situation where people don't know the past, even though we lived in instrumental societies, because they don't trust the sources of the past.
And then the huge role that can be turned out of a protected marine area.
Because with the marine protected areas, we really recreated the past.
We recreated the past that people can't conceive because the starting point has gone running and it's extremely low.
That's for the people who can see a marine marine zone and they can benefit from the vision that provides you, which allows them to erase their point of participation.
And what about people who can't do it because they don't have access, like people in the Midwest, for example?
I think there are arts and cinema maybe can fill the vacuum.
This is a simulation of the Bay Bay Bashire.
A long time ago, there were gray whales in the Bay Bay, 500 years ago.
And you'll have noticed that mathematicians and tons are like "gathering" as a state."
And if you think about "Hamanicopologist, if you think about why people moved with the movie -- not talking about the story of Congress -- why will you move with the images?
Because it plays something that in a sense, in some sense, lost it.
So my recommendation -- the only one I give, is to Cameron to make "Darituria Darwin underwater.
Thank you very much.
Hi. I'm Kevin Colories, the grandmother of Anderson and I look at YouTube videos in a professional way.
That's true.
So today we will see why videos are making viral and how important it is.
We all want to be stars -- celebrities -- controls, commercials. When I was younger, that seemed very, very hard.
But today the online video makes any of us, or our actions, copper notes in a part of our global culture.
Anybody can do famous on the Internet in a single.
Over 48 hours of video YouTube per minute.
And of those, just a little percentage is made viral -- it gets infinite from visit and gained cultural community.
How does that happen?
Three things: creative conservation, communities of participation.
Well, let's get started.
Beat Anderson: Oh, my God, my God.
My God!
Wow.
Hawking, supply.
KA: Last year, Bronx Vible published this film filmed outside his house in the National Park.
In 2010, it was seen 23 million times.
This graph shows the reputation in the popular summer of the past summer.
Breathing doesn't make a viral video.
I just wanted to share a double rainbow.
That's what you do if it's called "The Mount Mountain Brow.
I had already published many videos of nature.
This video had been published in January.
So what happened here?
It was Jimmy Millennium.
Jimmy Michael published this theater that puts the video to the population.
Conservation creators like Jimmy Millennium present us new and interesting things and put them into a broader audience.
Rebecca getting the Telescope."  It's Friday, you know. You have to start the Ventor.   Everybody wants the weekend.
Very popular Venter is one of the most popular videos of the year.
They saw almost 200 million times this year.
This graph shows the frequency frequency.
Like "Dream Virginia, this video seemed to have come from nothing.
So what happened this day?
Well, it was Friday, it's true.
And if you ask for those other peaks they're also Friday, too.
But what happened this day, this particular Friday server?
Well, the Tom Tasha and many blogs started writing about it.
Michael J. Steins, of March Science Telescope, was one of the first people to make a joke about the video on Twitter.
But the important thing is that one person or a group of creations of trends will take a point of view and share it with a broader audience, accelerating the process.
So, this community of people who share this great internal joke then starts talking about that and doing things.
And now there are 10,000 priorities of Verboard on YouTube.
Just in the first seven days, there was a parody for each other days.
Unlike the University of the University of the 20th century, this community participation is our way of being part of the phenomenon -- by moving it or doing something new with that.
"Well, "The Pakistan is a repetitive animation with a music.
So that's it.
This year you saw it about 50 million times.
And if you think that's rare, you know that there's a three hours of three hours that has been seen by four million times.
Until cats saw this video.
And there are cats that saw other cats to see the video.
But what's important here is the creativity that woke up between the Internet Internet community.
There were military.
Somebody made a version of the old one.
And then it became international afterwards.
All of a sudden, a whole community of memory that made this happen to be a dumb joke to something that we all have to do.
Because today we don't just enjoy it, we participate today.
Who could have predicted something like this?
Who could have predicted "Dream "Western or recognition or "You needle "The "The "The "Dads Captain."
What a script could you have written to me that would contemplate this situation?
In a world where two days of video is going up for two days of video per minute, just that really unique and unexpected can be pulled out of the way these things have done.
When a friend told me that I had to see this great video of a guy that protest against the mortality calls in New York, I admit that I don't care about it.
Casey Samuel, I was frustrated by not to run through the biology, but often there are obstacles that prevent you right for the recording.
KA: Thanks to the surprise effect and his humor, Casey Simple got five million to see and understood his idea.
So this approach is worth about all the new things we do in a creative way.
And this leads to a big question.
Beat city? What does this mean?
Harvard.
KA: What does this mean?
Conservation creators -- creative communities, the totally unexpected community, are characteristic of a new kind of media, of a new culture, that we all have access and is the audience that defines popularity that defines popularity to it.
As I said earlier, one of the current celebrities in the world, Justin Baby, started in YouTube.
Don't ask permission to express their ideas.
Now we're all a little owners of our pop culture.
These are not the characteristics of the old media, they're barely the current media, but they will define the entertainment of the future.
Thank you.
This is not a finished story.
It's a puzzle that is still breathing up.
Let me tell you about some of the pieces.
Imagine the first piece, a man burning the work of a whole life.
It's a poet, a cartoon, a man whose life had been supported in the only unit of unit and freedom of his country.
Imagine it as the communist companies come into Syria, facing the fact that their life had been totally in vain.
The words, for so long friends, now did it.
It was referred to silence.
He died by history.
He's my grandfather.
I never met it.
But our lives are much more than our memories.
My grandmother never allowed me to forget his story.
My job was not to let that have been in real, and my lesson was to learn that the story tried to share it, but we noticed it.
The next part of the puzzle is about a boat as a boat is going to turn out quietly towards sea.
My mother, Mad, had only 18 years when his father died, and a conservative marriage and two small girls.
For her, life had been given to a single task -- the escape of his family and a new life in Australia.
It was incredible for her that he couldn't do it.
And after a four years that challenges the fiction, a boat is spent into the sea Sea search for fishing abuse.
All adults knew the risks.
The biggest fear was pirate and rape and death.
Like most adults, my mother was carrying a short sheet.
If we were captured, we first took it my sister and I, and then she and my grandmother.
My first memories are from that boat, the constant pace of the engine, the process diving in every wave, and the vast and empty horizon.
I didn't remember the pirates that came several times, but they were employees with the lives of men in our boat, or the engine dying and unable to run for six hours.
But I remember the lights of the oil platform in front of the coast of Malaysia, and the young man who collapsed and died, to finish the journey was too much for him, and the first apple I tried, given by the men in the platform.
No apple had then the same sounds.
After three months in a refugee camp, we would fall in Lab.
And the next piece of the puzzle is about four women across three generations shaping a new life together.
We set up in Portugal, a free class suburb whose population is comprised of immigrants together.
Unlike the average class suburbs -- whose existence I knew, in Southern Struccle, had no sense of the right.
The smells that come from the stores were the rest of the world.
And the mentor fragments were traded between the people who had one thing in common: they were starting again.
My mother worked on farms, then at a car mountain line, working six days, double turn.
Yet I found time to study English and get a title on IT Technology of information.
We were poor.
All the dollars were assigned and established an extra architecture in English and mathematics, it didn't matter what it would take off, which was usually new clothes, always was a second hand.
Two pairs of media for school, one to hide the holes of the other.
A school uniform to the proposition, because I had to last six years.
And there were weird sing and painful sing about the "Start" and some graduate "Arists" -- "Arabian Asians come home.
At home, where?
Something in me was destroyed.
I was accumulating determination and a voice saying, "I'm going to support them."
My mother, my sister and I slept in the same bed.
My mother was exhausted, but we told us about our day and we heard the movements of our grandmother at home.
My mother suffered nightmare, all of the ship.
And my task was to wake up until his nightmares.
She opened up a computer store, then I studied to be an ecosystem and opened another business.
And women came with their stories about men who couldn't do the transition and angry, solar and training boys between two worlds.
They were looking for subsidies and paradigms.
And they created centers.
I lived in parallel worlds.
In one, it was the classic Asian student, implanted with what was demanding from myself.
On the other, it was entrepreneural in private lives of life, the abuse of drugs and transition.
But many people got help over the years.
And by that work, when I studied my last year of lawyers, I was elected by the young Australian year.
And I was a pollen from one piece of the puzzle to the other, but his edges didn't fit.
And so it was so so so interestingly internal from County, it was now as he did, refugee and social activist -- invited to speak in places that I had never heard names, and in homes whose existence she would never have imagined.
I didn't know the protocols.
I didn't know how to use the books.
I didn't know how to talk about wine.
I didn't know how to talk about anything.
I wanted to go into the routine and the control of life in a self-controlled suburb -- a grandmother, a mother and two daughters ending the day as they did for almost 20 years, telling me about each day and getting asleep, the three still in the same bed.
And I told my mom that I couldn't do it.
He reminded me that I had the same age that she had when she got to the boat.
He had never been a choice.
"The shot of it, he said, "And you're not what you're not.
So I talked about juvenile and education and education and destruction to marginalized and destruction.
And the more frankly I talked about, the more I was requested to talk about.
I met people from all walks of life, many of them doing what they loved in the borders of the possible.
And although I finished my cartoon, I realized that I couldn't stay in a career race.
There had to be another piece of the puzzle.
And I realized at the same time that it's okay to be a second, a newly new region in the scene -- and not just that it's fine, but it's something that I'm grateful, maybe a gift of the boat.
Because it's going to be in the inside, it can easily mean to collapse.
I heard enough steps outside my comfort zone to know that, yes, the world goes down, but not the way we fear it.
They would not have been allowed to be allowed to be all attracted.
There was an energy there, a simple optimism of humility and bravery a shark.
So I followed my intuition.
I put together a small group of people who the slogan can't do -- was a strategic challenge.
For a year we didn't have a child.
At the end of every day, I made a giant pot of soup that we all share.
We worked until the night.
Most of our ideas were crazy -- but some brilliant ones, and we opened up.
I made the decision to move to the United States.
After a single trip.
My architects again.
Three months later, I had moved to myself, and the adventure continued.
Before I finished, let me tell you about my grandmother.
She grew up in a time when the constitutional was the social norm and the local man was the person who matters.
Life hadn't changed for centuries.
Her father died shortly after she was born.
The mother was alone.
At the age of 17, he became a concept of a man whose mother was putting.
No support of his husband, he caused a flight to sue it and take the cause of it, and much more return when you win.
He can't be able to be wrong.
I was in the shower in the room of a hotel in Sydney when she died, a thousand miles in Marian.
I looked through the shoe of the shower and I saw it standing on the other side.
I knew he'd come to me.
My mother called minutes later.
Days later, we went to a Buddhist temple in Portugal and we sat around their car.
We tell him stories and we made sure we were still with it.
At night a monster came and told us that he had to close the car.
My mother asked us to feel their hand.
I asked the Monalemates: "Why is his hand hot, and the rest of the body so fast?
"Because you have taken your hand since the morning."
"You haven't surrounded it.
If there's a nerve in our family, that runs through women.
Since who we were and how life shapes us, we can now see that men who had reached our lives would have been frustrated.
The defeat.
Now I want to have my own kids, and I wonder about the boat.
Who could wish that to you?
However, I fear the privilege of the easy, the right.
Can I give you a job in your lives, immersed in every single wave, the inevitable pace of the engine, the vast horizon.
I don't know.
But if I could give you and see them in saving, it would do.
And I also have the Mortal Transportation and also the mother of this is here in the fourth or fifth line.
My story begins in Sandal about two years ago.
I was in the desert, under the Australian sky, with the singing singer Martin Chile.
We were talking about how nothing has changed since the ancient Indian policy "The Machine."
In those days when Indians wanted to travel to a car and pull the sky.
Now we do it with airplanes.
At that time when it has airplane, the great Indian warrior of India, had served, pulled a bow and with an arrow on the ground, it got water.
Now we do the same with catastrophes and machines.
The conclusion we had was that the machine had replaced the magic.
And that got a lot of me.
Every time I felt a little bit more technology.
I was terrified with this idea of losing the ability to enjoy and appreciate a correct if I didn't have the camera, if I couldn't take it to my friends.
It seemed to me that technology had to allow magic, not killing it.
As a child, my grandfather gave me his beat silver painting.
And this technological piece of 50 was for me the most magical thing.
It became a door door to a world full of images, surgeons and shorts in my imagination.
I had the feeling that mobile cells, the luxury landscapes and the cameras prevent us to be.
They came up with our inspiration.
So I reached up, I threw myself to this technological world to see how to use it to create magic, rather than killing it.
I read books since 16 years.
So when I saw the iPad, I saw a device of storytelling able to connect the readers in the entire world.
You can know how we take the book.
Where we are.
The text with the image, the animation, the sound and the touch.
The narrative becomes increasingly more critical.
But why is that?
I'm about to launch Howard, an interactive application for iPad.
He says, "Take your fingers on every light."
And so --  He says, "This box belongs to -- I write my name.
And so I get a character from the book.
At several times I get a card -- the iPod knows where I live thank GPS -- that comes to me.
My inner child is excited with all these possibilities.
I've talked a lot about magic.
And I don't mean magicians and dragons, but the magic of childhood, to those ideas that we open from children.
For some reason, fireflies in a jar always turned me excited.
So over here, we have to tilt the iPad, to release the fireflies.
And really, they light your way into what the rest of the book.
Another idea that was fascinated with a girl was that a whole galaxy is going to be in a policy.
So here, every book and every world is transformed into a bit that I drag towards this magic device inside the device.
And this opens up a map.
In every fantasy book has always been maps, but they have been static maps.
This is a map that grows, sure and guide you during the rest of the book.
In certain points of the book it also unfolds.
Now I'm going to go in.
Another hugely important aspect for me is to create Indian content and at the same time.
These are the screens here.
We've all heard about the fairy and the banks, but how many people outside India know their Indian contracts and the savings?
These poor stands have been trapped in the cameras of Iraq for millennia, in an old and the final book.
So we're bringing them back into a contemporary childhood story.
In a story that deals with current issues like environmental crisis.
And talking about the environmental crisis, one of the problems in the last 10 years has been that children have been locked up to their Portugal, they haven't left the outside world.
But now with mobile technology we can pull our children into the natural world with their technology.
One of the interactions of the book is this adventure where you have to go outside the outside, take the camera or the iPad, and collect images of different natural objects.
As a kid, I had lots of colleagues, pairs, stone and limitations and contacts.
For some reason kids don't do it.
So to reclaim this ritual of childhood, you have to go out and in a chapter taking a picture of a flower and then label it.
In another chapter, you have to take a picture of a piece of cortex and then label it.
So you create a digital collection of photos that then you can put on the Web.
A kid from London puts a picture of a street and says, "Oh, I saw a "Google today.
A child in India says, "I saw a "month" ..."
And you create this kind of social network around a collection of digital pictures that have been taken away.
Within the millions of connection between magic, Earth and technology are many possibilities.
In the next book, we used to have an interaction where you go out with the iPad, and the video goes on, and through augmented reality sees a group of animated citizens that appear on the interior plants of the house.
The screen is full of leaves.
And you have to make the sound of the wind and blow them up so you can read the rest of the book.
We go to a world where nature forces are controversial with technology and magic and technology gets closer to each other.
We harvest the energy of the sun.
We are approaching our children and ourselves to the natural world and that magic and joy and love child that we feel through a simple story.
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you about why many health projects fail.
And I think, really, that the most important thing about that is that we stopped listening to patients.
And one of the things we did at the University of Building was to get to a director of listening.
And not in a very scientific way, she had a little coffee cup or you and asked patients, family and knowledge, what happens?
"How can we help it?
And we tend to think that this is one of the biggest problems for whatever they do, or maybe not all, but most of the health projects fail, because we stopped listening.
This is my based obstacle. It's a very simple thing.
It has a screen of fire and accessible.
Every morning I get up.
And yes, I have a challenge as you can see.
I put the challenge to get to 95 Bell.
But it's so simple, that every time I connect me, I sends my information to Google Hollywood.
And my lunch doctor has access to him as well. So he can see what my weight problem, not at the same time that you need heart assistance or some urgency of that style but to see it backwards.
But there's another thing.
As some of you know, I have more than 4,000 followers on Twitter.
So, every morning I connect to my book Baster and before I got up to my car, people start talking to me -- they come up with me today, I think you need a light lunch.
That's the best thing that can happen, because it's pressure of the pairs used to help patients, because it could be used for obesity, and also for patients to stop smoking.
On the other hand, it can be employed to move people out of their chairs and together develop some creative activity to have more control of their health.
From the next week being available.
This little nanometer connected to an iPhone or another device.
And people will be able to be able to take their blood pressure, send them into their doctor, and share it with others, for example, for 100 dollars.
This is the point where patients assume a position, they will recover control and to be a captain of their own boat, but it can also help us care about health care because of the challenges that we face, as the firing of the costs of drug attention, the doubling of demand and other issues.
To make techniques that are simple to use and start with this to engage patients in the team.
And you can do it with techniques like this, but also by controllers.
And one of the things we did want to share with you with you with a video.
We all have navigation controls in cars.
Maybe we even have them in our cell phones.
We know perfectly where the ATM ATM is in Acceptance.
It's also where all the generations are.
And of course, we can find fast food.
But where is the nearest DNA to help this patient?
We asked ourselves, but nobody knows.
Nobody knew where to get the DNA saved lives right now.
What we did was we do corruption in the Netherlands.
We created a website, and we asked the audience to say, you see a DNA, please send it, tell them where, and when it's open, because sometimes open in office hours and others are closed.
And over 10,000 DNA were already presented in the Netherlands.
The next step was to look for application for that.
And we did an app for the iPad.
We created an app for Law, augmented reality, to find these DNA.
And every time you're in the city of Acceptance and someone collapse, you can use their iPhone, and the next weeks use their Microsoft cell phone to find the destruction of the nearest Department, which can save lives.
And from today, I would like to present this one, not just like Design Temper, which is the name of the product, but also as Maryland.
And we want to start it globally.
We're putting all the colleagues in the world, in other universities, to help us to find, work and act as a center for the Research of the Designer around the world.
Every time you are from vacation and someone collapse, it can be a patient or somebody in front of you, you can find it.
I also wanted to invite companies around the world that could help us to move these Desertams.
It could be messaging service or telephone people, for example, to see if the DNA who shows is still in their place.
Please help us in this and not just improve health, but take control of it.
Thank you very much.
I'm here to share my photograph.
Or is it the photograph?
Because, of course, they're photographs that can't take their cameras.
My interest in photography was woke up with my first digital camera at 15 years.
He mixed up with my passion before, but it was a little bit different because when I used the camera the process was in planning planning.
And when you take a photograph with a camera the process ends up when you press the propose.
For me, photography had more to do with being in the right place, at the right time.
It seemed to me that anybody could do it.
So I wanted to create something different, a process that would begin to press the propose.
And pictures like this: a construction in a very tight road.
But it has a unexpected turn.
And despite that, it keeps a level of reality.
Or pictures like these -- dark and colorful at the same time, but with the common goal of keeping the realism level.
And when I say "The mosquito I say "Parkinson."
Because, of course, it's not something that I can capture but I always want you to seem to have been captured somehow as a photograph.
Photos where you have to think about a moment to discover the trick.
It's more to do with capturing an idea than you capture a moment.
But what is the trick that makes them look like real?
Is it the details or the colors?
Is the light?
What does the illusion create interruption?
Sometimes the illusion is the perspective.
But in the end, it's our way to interpret the world and how you can perceive in a two-dimensional surface.
It's not really about whether it's realistic but what we think is realistic.
So I think the foundations are very simple.
I see it as a puzzle of the reality that we take different pieces of reality and put them together to create an alternative reality.
Let me show you a simple example.
Here we have three perfectly imagine, something that we all can relate to the three-dimensional world.
But combined in a certain way you can create something that is still three-dimensional -- as if it existed.
But at the same time, we know it doesn't exist.
So let's add into the brain, because the brain doesn't accept the fact that it doesn't really make sense.
And I see the same process by combining pictures.
It really is to combine different reality.
And the things that make a picture seem to seem realistic I think they're those in the ones that we don't even think about, the things that surround us in our everyday lives.
But by combining pictures is very important to consider it, because otherwise something will look bad.
So I would like to say that there are three simple rules that will continue to achieve realistic results.
As you can see, these images are not very special.
But combined, you can create something like this.
So the first rule is that the combination of photos must have the same perspective.
Second, the pictures combined must have the same kind of light.
And these two images are actually taken with these referendies, and they were taken at the same height and the same kind of light.
The third point is to make you impossible to distinguish the beginning, and the end of the different images with a perfect one.
It has to be impossible to see where the image is.
Here's another example.
I could think that this is the image of a landscape and the lower part is manipulating it.
But this picture is completely composed by photographs of different places.
In the personal level, I think it's easier to create a place that will find it because you don't need to put in danger the ideas that you have in your head.
But it requires a lot of planning.
And as I thought of this idea in winter I knew I had several months to plan it, to find the different locations for the puzzle pieces.
For example, the fish was captured in a fishing journey.
The costs are a different location.
The supermar part was captured in a stone of stone.
And yes, I even did red the house of the top of the island to seem more supply.
So to get a realistic result -- I think you need planning planning.
It always starts with a sketch, an idea.
Then you have to combine the different photographs.
And here each piece is very well thought.
If you do a good job by taking photos the result can be very beautiful, and at the same time.
All the tools are there and the only limit is our imagination.
Thank you.
Let me start a slide on technology, very boring.
Please, if you can put it.
It's a diagram that I took from a folder.
I'm not really interested in showing you the details but the general thing.
This is an analysis that we were doing about the power of the Kick markets versus the power of local areas.
What's interesting about this is that this, like many other that we used to see, is a kind of straight line in logarithmic scale.
In other words, every step here represents an order of magnitude in the performance scale.
I'm going to talk about technology with algorithmic curves is something new.
Here's something weird here.
And that's what I'm going to talk about.
Please turn the lights.
I would need more intensity because writing about paper.
Why do we do technological curves in logarithmic scale?
The answer is that if you draw them into a normal curve. In which, say, these are the years, or some unit of time, and this would be any measure of the technology that I would like to figure, the diagram would see something ridiculous.
It would be something like this.
That doesn't tell a lot.
But if a scientist, for example, some other technology, like transportation, in a search curve would be very dumb, we would see a straight line.
But if something like this, you get a qualitative change.
If the technology of transportation would move as fast as microbes, we could take a taxi and be in Tokyo in 30 seconds.
But it doesn't move into that rhythm.
There are no precedent in the history of the technological development of a feedback that every few years advance orders of magnitude.
The question I want to plant is -- looking at these exponential curves -- we see that they don't follow forever.
It's not possible to hold this change as fast as it goes.
It will happen one of two things.
Or it will become a typical curve I know like this until something completely different, or maybe do something like this.
That's all it can happen.
I'm optimistic, so I think maybe something like that.
So now we would be in the middle of a transition.
In this line, we are in a transition of what the world used to be, to a new way.
So what I'm trying to ask is, and ask me, what is that new way that embraces the world?
What new state is the world?
The transition seems very, very confused if we're embedded in it.
I remember the future happened in 2000 and people used to talk about what would happen in the year 2000.
This is a conference where people talk about the future, and we see that the future is still the year 2000.
That's all we see.
In other words, the future has been controlled, year after year, throughout my life.
But I think it's because we feel something is happening.
We can feel a transformation.
And we know that it doesn't make much sense to think to 30 or 50 years because everything will be so different than extrapolate what we're doing today doesn't make any sense.
So I want to talk to you about how it might be, how it might be that transition that we experience.
But to do that having to talk a little bit about things that don't have much to do with technology and computing technology.
Because I think the only way to understand is taking distance and look at the long-term things.
The time scale I would like to do that is the time of life on Earth.
I think this picture makes sense if we look at every billion years.
So we took about 2.5 billion years when the Earth was a great sterile rock with a lot of chemicals who were floating around it.
If we look at the way that we organized those chemicals, we give a sense of how things happen.
And I think there are theories to start to understand the origin with RNA -- I'm going to tell you a simple version of this, and that is, at that time, I had floating up some oil droplet with all kinds of chemical recipes on its inside.
Some of those oil droplet had a particular combination of chemicals that made them incorporate materials from the outside and the drops grew up.
And they started to divide.
In some sense, those were the most primitive mobile forms -- those oil architects.
But those droplets were not alive, in the current sense, because each of them contained a full of chemicals.
And every time they divide up an unequal distribution of chemicals that they had.
And so every grandmother was a little different.
In fact, the droplets that somehow are being infected by being better at the time of incorporating the behavioral chemists -- they grew more and more chemicals and they divide more.
They generally lived longer, they were more represented.
It was a form of life, chemistry, very simple, but things became interesting when these droplets learned the trick of abstraction.
Somehow we don't understand very well these graphics learned to store information.
They learned to hold information, which was the recipe of the cell, in a special chemical called DNA.
In other words, they worked in this solution without meaning, a writing system that allowed them to register what they were to be able to replicate with.
The amazing thing is that that writing system seems to have remained stable since they evolved two billion years ago.
Our recipe, our genes, have exactly the same code, that same writing system.
In fact, each living is expressed with exactly the same set of letters and the same code.
And one of the things I did just by fun -- we can now write things with this code.
Here I have 100 pounds of white dust trying to hide the security people of the airport.
But it has -- I took this code -- the code has the common letters that we used to use in this -- and I wrote my personal data on this DNA fragment and I implemented it 10 at 22 times.
So if someone wants 100 million copies of my personal card -- I have a lot of for all the present -- in fact, for every person in the world and it's here.
If I was a graph I'd put it in a virus and would have spread it through the room.
What was the next stage?
Writing DNA was an interesting step.
This made these cells happy, another billion years old.
But then another big step step in which things became very different, and it was that these cells started to exchange and communicate information forming these cells of cells.
I don't know if you know, but bacteria can exchange DNA.
So, for example, they evolved antibiotic resistance.
Some bacteria found the way to avoid penicillin and they were stuck to create their little DNA with other bacteria, and now there are many resistant to penicillin because bacteria communicate.
This communication gave rise to communities that, in a way, they were together in that -- and they set up a resilience.
And so they survive or failed together, or whether a community was very successful all the individuals of that community became more and they were favorited by evolution.
And the inflection point happened when these communities came so much that they actually got together and decided to write all the recipe in the community together in a chain of DNA.
The next stage interesting for life took another billion years old.
And in that stage we have multicellular communities, communities of many different kinds of cells working together as a single organism.
In fact, we are a multicellular community.
We have a lot of cells that don't act alone.
The skin cell doesn't serve without the heart, or the muscles or the brain or the brain, etc.
So these communities evolved and became more interesting levels than cell phone, which we call a organism.
The next level happened within these communities.
These started to absorb information.
And to build very special structures that they didn't do more than process information in community.
It's neural structures.
The neurons are the appliances that process information that these cell communities built.
In fact, they started to specialize within the community being the responsible structures of recording, understanding and transmit information.
Those were the brains and the nervous system of those communities.
And that gave them an evolutionary advantage.
Because at that moment as individuals, learning was confined to the duration of a organism, not the period of evolutionary time.
So a organism could, for example, learning not to eat some fruit, because I knew bad and then the last time I ate it.
That could happen during the life of an organism because they had built these processing processing structures that for evolution would have learned for hundreds of thousands of years by the death of individuals that ate that fruit fruit.
So the fact that the nervous system built those information structures enormously the evolutionary process.
Because evolution could now happen to an individual.
It could happen in time you need to learn.
But then, of course, individuals found the trick of communication.
So for example, the most refined version we know is human language.
If we think about it, it's an incredible invention.
I have a very complicated idea of a vague idea, in your head.
I'm sitting here and I'm sitting here by taking some noises and hopefully building a similar idea, saving and confusing, in your heads that I hold some analogy with mine.
But we took something very complicated we turned it into sound, in sound sequences and we produce something very complicated in another brain.
That allows us to start to work as a organism.
In fact, as a humanity, we have begun to do statistics.
Now we go through similar periods to the multicellular organisms, we show our methods of record.
For example, the invention of language was a small step in that direction.
The line, the computing one, the video tape, the Koorreade, and so on. It's the specialized mechanisms that we now built to handle that information.
And that makes us much larger, faster and able to evolve more than we did before.
Now evolution can happen in microbes.
You saw the evolutionary example of you in which some evolved evolution with the program of Conference, before our eyes.
And now we've accelerated the scales of time again.
The first stages of the story that I told you took for a billion years each.
The next few stages, the nervous system and the brain, took a few hundred million years.
The next one, language and so forth, took less than a million years.
And the next ones, like electronics, seems to take just a few decades.
The process is compared to being compared -- I guess automatic is the right word to name something that speeds its own pace of change.
The more it changes, the faster it does.
And I think that's what we see in this explosion of the curve.
We see that the process is competing.
But I earn my life designing computers and I know that the mechanisms that I employ to design them wouldn't be possible without recent computer advances.
But now I design objects of such complexity that would be impossible for me to design them in a conventional way.
I don't know it does every transistor in that machine of connections.
There are billions of millions.
Instead, with the designers of Lawaying Manhattan, we think of a level of abstraction -- we put it in the machine and the machine with that does something that you couldn't before, it gets much further and faster than ever before.
In fact, sometimes I employ methods that we don't even understand well.
A particularly interesting method that I've been using lately is evolution itself.
We put into the machine a evolutionary process that operates on the scale of the microbes.
And for example, in the most extreme cases, we can evolve a program from a random sequence of instructions.
We say, "Please, can you run a hundred million designers of instructions from the stage?
Could you execute these sequences of instructions at random, to perform all those programs, and take those that approximate what we want to do?"
In other words, I define what I want.
Let's say I want to give you numbers, to put a simple example.
So we found the programs that are closer to order numbers.
Of course, it's unlikely to be a random sequence of instructions.
But one, luckily, could take two numbers in the right order.
And I said, "Community, could you take 10 percent of those random sequences that they did the task better?
We hold those and we eliminate the rest.
And now we reproduce the ones that are best ordered by numbers.
And we will reproduce them following a process of analog repairing to the sex.
We take two programs that are providing children, which increase the responsibility, and that children will inherit the properties of both programs.
So we got a new generation of software programs of programs that had a little bit more success.
And we say, "Please get the process."
It captures again.
It introduces some mutations in it.
And it tries again and replace it with another generation.
Well, every generation takes a few minutes.
So I can make the equivalent of millions of years of evolution in a few minutes or complicated cases, in a few hours.
At the end, we ended up with programs that hate numbers in absolutely perfect numbers.
In fact, they're much more efficient programs than I could have written by hand.
If I look at those programs I can't say how they work.
I've tried to analyze them to see how they work.
These are dark programs, strange programs.
But they take the comet.
In fact, I know, I have the security that they achieve the goal because they come from a lineage of hundreds of thousands of programs that did it.
In fact, their lives depended on it.
Once I was in a 1874 with Maria Mamon and he pulled a card and says, "Look at this.
He says, "This plane has hundreds of thousands of parts that work together to offer a safe flight. Don't you feel strong?
We know that engineering processes don't work very well when they become complicated.
So we started to depend on computers to do very different design processes.
And that allows us to produce much more complex things than the normal engineering.
However, we don't understand the choices that are.
In that sense, it goes in front of us.
Now we use those programs to make computers much faster, and so we can execute these programs much more quickly.
So it's compared.
The thing goes faster and faster, and so I think it seems so comfortable.
Because all of these technologies are feeding up.
We're getting off.
And we're at an analog moment to the local organisms when they became morality.
We are the foots, and we can't understand what the hell we're creating.
We're at the tipping point.
But I think something comes behind us.
I think it would be very arrogant from our part to think that we're the final product of evolution.
And I think all of us are part of the creation of whatever is that it comes from.
But now comes the lunch and I think standing here before I get there.
I think we have to do something with a part of the medical culture that has to change.
And I think this starts with a doctor, and that's me.
And I've spent enough time to allow me to get part of my false prison on that.
Before I treat my talk, let's talk a little bit about baseball.
Why not?
We're close to the end, it's about the World series.
We love baseball. Right?
The baseball is filled with amazing statistics.
There are hundreds of statistics.
It's about going out "benefits" -- talks about statistics and use them to form a big baseball team.
I'll focus on one of them, and I hope many of you know it.
It's called a battery.
And we talked about 300 percent of a battery that balanced 300 dollars.
That means the cheap battle effectively, three of 10 times.
That means throwing the ball into the game field without being carrying away, and anyone who tries to throw it to the first base -- doesn't come in time, and the second foundation will be saved.
Three attempts of 10.
You know how you call a 300 back in the Great Lawsels in the Great Laws.
Well, really, maybe the team of stars.
You know how you call a baseball baseball attack?
By the way, that's someone that 10 pictures, four percent.
And legendary -- like the Law Times Center, the last player of the Green League player to execute more 400 hits in a regular season season.
Now let's bring this to my world of medicine where I feel much more comfortable or maybe less uncomfortable, after what I'm going to tell you today.
Suppose they have participants and they're brought to a surgeon who has also a back of 400 in applications.
So it doesn't work, right?
Now suppose that they live in a remote place, and a dear being dear has two broken coronary arteries and your family doctor leading it to a corruption whose record in anti-to-based is 200 dollars.
But you know what?
She's improving this year.
And their actions have been 250.
This is not working.
But I'll ask you to ask you.
What do you think it should be the average of the rise of a heart surgeon or an orthopedic surgeon or a nurse or an engineered system?
Very, very good.
And the truth of the matter is that nobody in the medicine knows the actions of a good surgeon, a doctor or a drug.
What we do, however, is to send them into the world, and I'm included, with the mandate, to be perfect.
That never, ever make a mistake and start finding out how to do it well.
That was the message that I absorbed when I was in medical school.
I was a Russian sexual student.
Once, a partner in high school said that Brian Dolly studied to a blood test.
It which.
I studied in my little design, in the respect of nurses of the General Hospital of Toronto, not far from here.
And I learned all of memory.
In my anatomy class, I memorized the origin and the muscle work, the branching of every artery that comes out of the tower, the difference and the not the usual interest.
And even the difference of the difference about how to classify the kidney station.
And as much more and more knowledge.
And I was very good. I graduated with honor.
And I graduated from medical school with the impression that if I memorized everything, then I would know everything, or the most possible, close to everything, because this is how I was immune from mistakes.
And it worked for a while, until I met the lady Serotonia.
I was resident in a college hospital here, in Toronto, when they brought the lady to decoration the emergency service where I was working on.
At the time I was assigned to the correction service.
And when I applied to a cardiologist I got to go to a cardiologist I was stuck with that patient.
And it will report the head of residents.
When I saw Mr. Jerusalem, I was dealing.
I heard a strange sound.
And when I put it, I heard a sort of supported sound in both sides, which was a consistent heart failure.
In these conditions the heart stops working, and instead of breaking blood forward, blood goes to the lungs, these are full of blood, and that's why there is difficulty to breathe.
And it wasn't hard to diagnosis.
I did that, and I started working on the treatment that I would give you.
He gave him anti-controller and medicine to alleviate the pressure in his heart.
I gave him a diversity, water pills so that I could eliminate liquid.
And at an hour or two, she started feeling better.
And I felt very good.
And that's when I made the first mistake, he sent her home.
Actually, I made two more mistakes.
He sent it to his house without talking to the chief of residents with the resident of residents with it.
I didn't pick up the phone, and I did what I should have done, which was to call my boss and put it to him for her to see her.
And if my boss would have seen it, I would have been able to provide complementary information.
Maybe I did it for a good reason.
Maybe I didn't want to be a resident that requires constant attention.
Maybe I wanted to be so successful and able to take responsibility, which could take care of my patients without even connecting my boss to my boss without even connecting my boss to my boss without even connecting my boss to my boss without even connecting my boss to my boss without even connecting my boss to my boss without even connecting my boss to my boss without even connecting
The second mistake I made was worse.
When I send it to his home, I didn't pay attention to a voice on my inside that would say, "Oh, "not a good idea. Don't do it."
In fact, I was so insecure that I asked the nurse to take care of the lady Serotonian Serotonian, "Do you think it's okay if you go to your house?
And the nurse thought and then said with total mathematics? "Yeah, I think it's going to be good."
I remember that as if it was yesterday.
So he signed the high, and the ambulance along with the drugs they took her home.
And I went back to the hospital room.
The rest of that day, that afternoon, I had a bad performance on the stomach.
But I kept my job.
At the end of the day, I packaged to leave the hospital and walked into the parking parking where I was my car to go home. At that time, I did something that I don't normally do.
I went through the emergency service of the way home.
And there was another nurse, not that I was taking care of the lady Rockett, but another one -- he told me three words, those three words that most of the emergency doctors are afraid of.
Other specialists are afraid too, but there's a particular process of technology, and we see the patient patients.
The three words are actually about?
"Do you remember the patient who sent his home?"
I asked the other nurse with total nature.
"Well, she goes back, with the same tone of voice.
She was okay.
But I went back and on the edge of death.
When I had a time to have arrived at home, after I gave her the high school, he suffered a collapse and his family called the 1991. The drugs brought it to emergency with a blood pressure of 50 feet of Garden, which means a severe shock.
I would barely breathe and was blue.
The emergency staff took all its resources.
They gave them medication to raise the blood pressure.
And they put an artificial airport.
I was excited and satisfied to the spinal cord.
I had a mixture of feelings because then they stabilize it was in intensive therapy and expected against all hope that it would be recovered.
And in the two or three days it was an obvious thing to never expect.
He had an irreversible brain.
The family came together.
And in eight or nine days, they went to what was happening.
And on the ninth day, they let him go. Mrs. Depression desert, wife, mother and grandmother.
They say they never forget the names that they die.
That was my first experience.
The next weeks I was punished by it, and I experienced for the first time the male embarrassment that exists in our medical culture, and I felt just isolated without feeling that healthy healthy because you can't talk to your colleagues.
You make the roots and never make that mistake.
It's that shame that leaves a teaching.
The evil shame that I talk about is the one that makes us feel very badly inside.
It's the one that tells us not that what we did was wrong, but we're bad.
And that felt that.
And it wasn't for my boss -- he was a much.
I talked to the family, and I'm sure that I used things and make sure that they didn't demand me.
And I kept asking those questions.
Why didn't I ask my dead? Why did he send him to his house?
And in my worst moments, why did I make such a dumb mistake.
Why is medical reading?
A little bit of that feeling was passionate.
And I started feeling better.
And in one day, the sky was opened and finally came out the sun, and I wondered if I felt better again.
And I did a deal with myself in which if I replaced the efforts to be perfect to not make any more mistakes.
And so it was.
I went back to work.
But it was going to happen.
Two years later, I was at the emergency department in a community hospital in the north of Toronto, and I got a 25 year-old man with a pain in the throat.
I was very busy.
And he was here.
He looked at his throat, I was a bit color.
He was presidential and he sent him home.
But as he went to the door kept pointing his throat down.
Two days later, when I came to make my heart change, my boss asked to talk to me in his office.
And I put the three words: Do you remember you?
Remember the patient who saw for a pain in the control?
Well, he came back and didn't have a static control.
He had a potentially fatal infection called the checklist.
You can look at Google -- it's a infection, not the throat, but from the top of the top, and it can cause the land of those tracks.
He, fortunately, did not work.
You get antibiotics in antibiotic and recovery in the few days.
And I went through the same period of shame and recovery, and then I moved back and went back to work, until over and over again, and again.
Two times in the same course of emergency distribution, I was not paying attention.
And it's a great effort, especially working in a hospital, because it's 14 patients at the same time.
But in both cases, I didn't send them home, and I don't think it's been a secret.
One of them thought I had a kidney film.
They hate a galaxy of kidneys, but it turned out normal. A colleague who was looking at the patient perceived certain sensitivity in the right lower side and called the surgeon.
The other patient was with a lot of diarrhea.
He ordered liquid to reduce and asked my colleague to check it.
You reviewed it, and he noticed certain sensitivity in the lower lower square, called the surgeon.
They were both operated and recovered well.
But every single case I was transformed, I was saving it.
But I'd like to tell you that I made the worst mistakes in the first five years of exercise, and as many colleagues say, it's a park.
The most significant ones have been over the last five years.
Only shaming and without support.
And here's the problem: if I can't release myself and talk about my mistakes, if I can't find the voice that tells me what really happens, how can I share this with my colleagues, how can I share this with my colleagues, right?
How do I teach you this so that they don't make the same distributes?
If I went into a place like this, I would have no idea what you think of me.
When was the last time you heard someone talking about failure, after failure, after heart?
Of course in a party you'll hear about the mistakes of other doctors, but you don't hear someone talking about their own mistakes.
And if I knew and my colleagues also, that a show in my hospital hit the wrong leg, believe it would have difficulty to look at the eyes.
This is the system we have.
The total denial of mistakes.
It's the system where there are two positions -- the ones that make mistakes and the ones that are not going to sleep and the ones that I know -- the ones that have our own results and the ones who have great outcomes.
And it's almost like an ideological reaction, as antibodies who start to attack that person.
We have the idea that if we go from medicine to people who make mistakes, we will have a safe system.
But that brings two problems.
In 20 years of diffusion and medical journalism, I've done a personal study of bad medical production and medical errors to learn how possible, from the first article I wrote for the Princeton State to my show, "How to my show, "Hey Count, Black Arabia, Black Arabia.
And what I learned is that mistakes are interesting.
We work in a system where errors happen every day, where one in 10 drug drugs in the hospital are wrong, or deconstruction is not right. In a system where hospital-acquired infections are increasingly more, and more numerous and providing chaos and death.
In this country, they die 24,000 Canadian dollars for protected medical mistakes.
The U.S. Institute established 100,000 dollars.
In both cases, it's about reduced demonstration, because we're not destroying the problem as we should.
And so there are things.
A hospital system where knowledge is moving every two or three years, and we don't update us.
The flu deprivation.
And we can't get rid of it.
We have cognitive biases that allow us to make a perfect history of a patient with pain on the chest.
Now, let's take the same patient with a pain on the chest, it comes with eye eyes and all of a sudden, and all of a sudden, my story was afraid of contempt.
It's not the same story.
I'm not a robot -- I don't do things always as well.
And my patients are not cars. They don't reveal their symptoms in the same way.
So the mistakes are inevitable.
So if we take the system as they taught us, and we remove all the professional professionals to error -- well, there will be no one.
And what does people don't want to talk about their most serious cases?
In my program, "Alla Bell, art Art: It's a habit to say, "This is my worst "the worst mistake -- I would tell you all, from the drugs to the head of heart surgery, "This is my worst "English black, blah, blah blah -- "What are your distributes the shoulders? And it would lead the microphone to them.
And their students would stop, they would go down, go down the head and get out of the head and start telling their stories.
They want to tell their stories, they want to share them.
They want to be able to say, "Look, don't make the same mistake.
They need a context where you can do it.
They need a medical culture.
And it starts with a doctor every time.
The redefine physician is human, you know human, it accepts it, and it doesn't get pride from their mistakes, but it forces to learn from what happened to teach others.
It shares their experiences with them.
It's support for those who talk about their mistakes.
It points out the mistakes of other people not with trying to catch them, but in a very loving way and support for everybody to benefit.
And I work in a medical culture that recognizes that human beings are running the system, and when this happens, they make errors at the time.
My name is Brian Jonaware.
I'm a recorded doctor.
I'm a human, I make mistakes.
And I feel a lot but I strive to learn something that can convey others.
I don't know what you think about me, but I can live with that.
And let me conclude with three personal words, I remember it.
Do you know how many decisions we take one day together?
Do you know how much we choose in a week?
A little bit ago I did a survey over 2,000 people and the average amount of choices that says to pick up an average American American.
It doesn't do a lot ago, in a research for a week to a group of business presidents group.
The researchers recorded the different tasks of these executives and the time they employ to make decisions related to those tasks.
They found that, in average, shared 1930 work for week.
Naturally, every job included a lot of missions.
Half of those decisions took nine minutes or less.
Only about 12 percent required an hour or more of their time.
Now think about your elections.
Do you know how many of you belong to nine minutes, and how many of a hour hour?
How does the way that make those decisions?
Today I want to talk about one of the biggest problems of the activity, choose to the participation of options.
I want to talk about the problem and some possible solutions.
As I talk about this I'm going to ask you a few questions and I need to know your answers.
When I ask a question, like I'm blind, raise your hand only if you want to burn calories.
Otherwise, when you ask a question, if your answer is positive, please give a pigeon.
And now my first question of the day, are you ready to hear about the problem of the property property problem.
Thank you.
Being graduate student at Stanford University, raised this very high level of level -- at least at that time was very sophisticated.
It's called "The Davassart.
It was almost like going to a amusement park.
There were about 250 different kinds of mustard and air, over 500 different types of fruits and vegetables and about 25 percent bottled water, and this was when we took water water.
I loved going to that store, but at one occasion, I asked myself, why never buy nothing?
This is the edge of the olive oil.
They had over 75 different classes, including the ones that were in the box used to come out of millions of trees.
I once decided to visit the manager and asked him, "Did this strategy provide all these participants?
He pointed out the buses full of tourists that came every day, usually with their cameras.
We decided to do a little experiment with the molecules.
hallway it.
They had 38 different classes.
We installed a post to take it up, right at the entrance of the store.
We put out of six flavors or 24 different flavors and we look at two things: First, what about people were willing to stop to stop the memory?
More people stopped when there was 24 percent, 60 percent, that when there were only six percent.
We also looked at what case they were more likely to buy a sea of morality.
Here we find the opposite effect.
The ones that stopped when there were 24, only three percent came to buy morality.
Of the ones that stopped when there were six, we saw that 30 percent bought a difference.
If we do the math, people had six times more likely to buy moral if they found six.
Well, decide that we don't buy moral workers, it probably makes us a good thing to preserve the line, but it turns out that the problem of the charge of choices affects us in very momentous decisions.
We decided not to decide, even though this doesn't come to us.
Now the theme of the day, the financial savings.
I'm going to describe a study that I did with Guandton Harvard, I would Read Karack and Right Jack, where we looked at the decisions about savings for about a million Americans transition, between about 650 plans of this country.
We were interested in seeing if the number of supply supply in terms of savings for retirement programs, the 401 program, defined people to save for the future.
And we found that indeed there was a correlation of it.
We had 145 plans that were going from two to 59 different options.
We found that the bigger it was the number of targeted funds, there was less participation.
So if you look at the extremes -- we see that in the plans that offer two funds, the score rate was 70 percent or more, not as high as it would like.
And in the plans that offered about 60 fund, the participation rate went down to the 60 percent.
It turns out that even if you decide to participate, when you have more choices, even in that case, there are negative consequences.
So for those of you who decided to participate, the bigger it was the number of options, more people were unable to avoid the actions or the investment funds.
In terms of the more options, they were more willing to invest in market financial care.
But none of these extreme decisions are the ones that we will recommend to optimize the future financial well-being.
In the previous decade we've seen three main negative consequences to offer more and more possibilities.
The most likely thing to do is they put the decision, they apply it even when this goes against the self-interest.
It's more likely to make the worst decisions in finance and health.
They're more likely to choose things less satisfying things, even though they are objectively getting better.
The main reason is that we are able to look at that giant variety of biomass and mustard and angry and morality, but we are not able to do the calculations to compare and contract and choose from that impressive and exploitation.
Today I want to propose to you four simple techniques that we've created, in one way or another, in different research, so that they can try in their business.
The first is, Spanish.
You've heard it before, but it's never been more true than today, than less is more.
People always bother when I say, "Let me stop."
They worry about losing space in the accident.
But actually what we're seeing increasingly is that if you decide to cut, you get rid of extra redundant choices, there will be an increase in sales.
When Paradigm & Gamble went from 26 different types of Heart & HIV to 15, they saw a rise of 10 percent in sales.
When the corporate Colemon Power champises the products for cats of cats that were less sold -- they increased the trains in 87, for two causes, higher sales and fewer costs.
You know that the supermarket of today, in average offer 45,000 products.
In a store of Walmart.
But the largest largest store in the world today is California and it provides only 1,400 products -- a kind of tomato tomato stream.
In the world of financial holes, I think one of the best examples that have come up on how to handle the choices is the David Benker plant, the Harvard program.
All of the Harvard employees are automatically embedded to a life of life.
They really want to choose, you give them 20 fund, not 300 or more.
You know, often people say, "I don't know how to cut up.
They're all important options.
The first thing I do is ask employees -- tell me the differences that there are among those options.
And if your employees can't difference, they will also be able to do their commercials."
This afternoon, before I started this session, I was talking to Martin.
He told me that I would be willing to offer people in this audience with all paid to the world's most beautiful road.
Here, an discovery.
I want you to read it.
I'm going to leave a few seconds to read it, and then I want you to give you a applause, if you're ready to take the offer of Mary.
(Audience: Okay. Anyone who's ready to accept the supply.
Isn't it more?
Well, I'm going to show you something else.
You knew there was a trick.
Who is ready for that travel?
I think I really agreed to hear more hands.
All right.
In fact, you had more information in the first round, than in the second round, but I can adventure and say that they thought the second time was more real.
Because images made it more real.
This brings me to the second technique to handle the problem of the choices, which is creating.
So people understand the differences between choices, they have to understand the consequences of each choice, and that the consequences must be felt in a very lifetime, very concrete way.
Why are people spending 15 to 30 percent more on average when they use debit or credit cards than when it uses effects?
Because it doesn't look real money.
It turns out that making it more real, it can be a very positive tool for people to save more.
We did a study with Mamid Benki and San Pressure on the personality of Antarctica workers who worked in Anthonyerstonian, these people were in a meeting where they were heading up to a 401 plan.
And to that meeting, that we took exactly as we used to, we made a little addiction.
What we added was we applied to the staff that would think about positive things that would happen in their lives if they save more money.
With this gang there was an increase in the early 20 and an increase in the amount that were interested in saving or what they wanted to put in their savings accounts of saving.
The third technique is to change.
We can handle more categories than options.
For example, this is a study we did in a magazine chair.
We saw that in the supermarket supermarkets along the edge of the North, the magazine exhibition can contain from 33 different types to 402.
But you know?
Because profit tells me how to tell them.
These are two of these birds.
One is called "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The
If you think the one on the left is San and the one on the right is jazz -- you get a pigeon.
(Audience: Well, there's some of them.
If you think the one on the left is jazz and the one on the right is Saturn, you get a pigeon.
Well, something else.
Turns out it's right.
The one on the left is jazz and the one on the right is Santa. But you know something?
This scheme of cocktail is totally useless.
The categories have to indicate something that he chooses -- not that they define them.
You often see this problem with those huge background lists.
Who are they depending?
My fourth category, changing complexity.
It turns out that we can handle a lot more information than we think, if we just simplify it.
We have to increase complexity.
I'm going to show you an example of what I mean.
Let's see a complicated decision -- the purchase of a car.
This is a German German manufacturer that allows you to completely personalize it.
You have to take 60 decisions to drive the car.
And these decisions vary in the number of choices that offers each one.
Colored, outside of the car. I have 56 possibilities.
Macholia, change changes -- four options.
What I'm going to do is vary the order in which the decisions.
So half the clients are going to go from a lot of options, 56 colors, to a few cars.
The other half of the customers are going to go from a few choices, four boxes, to 56 colors, a lot of options.
And what am I going to look at it?
How involved you are.
If you care always the button button in every decision, this indicates that they're overwhelmed -- or it's -- we are losing them.
We found that those who go from a lot of choices at times, pressure the button over and over again, and another more.
We lose them.
If you go from a few choices to many, they continue there.
The same information, the same number of options.
The only thing I did was to alter the order in which information.
If we start with the easy, you learn how to choose.
Even though he chose the box of change doesn't say anything about the preferences of the interior decision, in all ways we were prepared to choose to choose to choose to choose to choose to choose to choose to choose to choose to choose to choose to choose to choose to choose to choose to choose to choose to choose to choose to choose to choose to choose to choose
We are excited about a product that we're building that now has more advice with the process.
To sum up.
I've talked about four techniques to mitigate the problem of the concern concern problem, Keria, to remove strange alternatives -- concept, make it real. And they can make it real. We can manage more categories with less choices, to change complexity.
All of these techniques that I've presented you were designed to help manage the alternatives or better for you, to use them in their issues, or for people who serve them.
It is that I think the key to get the best of a choice is being careful by picking up.
And the more careful we are in our choices, the better we can practice the art of choice.
Thank you very much.
In the 1980s, in the communist East Germany, if you had a typewriter typewriter to record it before the government.
You had to record a text text sheet, written with the machine.
And this so that the government could track the origin of text.
If you found a script with the wrong message could track the footprint to the origin of the idea.
In the West we don't realize that someone could do this, how much this would limit freedom of expression.
We would never do that in our countries.
But today, in 2011, if you buy a laser color printer from any big manufacturing and print one page, that page will end up having some printed yellow dots in every page that makes them own from one and your printer.
That's happening today.
And nobody seems to be surprised by this.
This is an example of the ways our governments use technology against us, the citizens.
And it's one of the three main causes of problems on the network.
If we see what happens in the world online, we can push the attacks according to their activity.
There are three main groups.
There are the recordings.
Like Mr. Montana Roo in the city of Beijing, in Ukraine.
The mobile phone is very easy to understand.
These guys make money.
They use the cybercriminals to earn a lot of money, smart amounts of money.
There are really many cases of millions online, molecules, who won money with their attacks.
This is Julian Association, from Turkey, Congress.
This is Alfred Benki.
This is Stephen Barbar.
This is Britain Benker.
These are Pacific Anderson, Farming Strangers and so on.
These guys do their online lines, but they do it by illegal means by illegal weapons through banking training to steal money from our accounts when we buy online, or stealing our keys to get information from our cards when we buy in a infected computer.
The secret service of America, two months ago, freeze the Swiss account of this Mr. Sam, and this account was 174 million dollars when it was frozen.
Mr. Jane gets a sun-year-olds? His paradox.
And I say today is more likely than any of us being victim from a real crime.
And it's very obvious that this is going wrong.
In the future, most of the crimes will happen online.
The second group of activists in importance that we look at today is not motivated by money.
There's another thing that moves them, they motivate the protests -- they motivate the opinions -- they motivate the laughter.
But groups like "Mammoest have deployed in the last 12 months occupying a separate paper on online attacks.
Those are the three main attacks, the criminals that do it for money, the adaptivis as "Montanal who do it to protect and the last group are the national states the governments who attack.
And then we see cases like the Diame.
That's a good example of government attack against its own citizens.
Digitable is a really relative authority of the Netherlands, or actually, it was.
They declared the bottom of the last fall, because of a self-satisfact.
They were reduced by the safety of the site and they punched a cyber record.
So last week I asked, in a meeting with representatives of the Dutch government, I asked one of the leaders if they found the death of people because of the attack to Digitable.
And the answer of him was yes.
So how do people die by a attack of these?
Doctor is a certified authority.
They sell controlled.
What do the records serve for?
Well, you need if you have a website with you, you have the service of you -- you have to be subtle substances, services like Gulf.
Except to intercept a foreign corruption authority.
And they emit discoveries of destruction.
And in the case of discussing exactly that.
And what happened in the Arab Spring, and those things that have happened, for example, in Egypt.
Well, in Egypt, the protesters followed the headquarters of the secret secret police in April 2011, and during the safe of the building, they found a lot of papers.
Among those papers was this paradigm called "controlling called."
And within that folder there were notes of a company in Germany that had sold the Egyptian Egyptian government tools to impact the communications of citizens of the country.
They had sold this tool by 80,000 euros to the Egyptian government.
The headquarters of the company is right here.
I mean, Western governments provide tools to the totalitarian governments to do this to their citizens.
But Western governments also do this to themselves.
For example, in Germany, just a couple of weeks ago, was found by the Somalia State State Articulate -- a revenue used by government officials to investigate their own citizens.
If you're suspicious in a nice criminal case, it's pretty obvious that your phone is interest.
But today it goes further.
The Internet connection.
They're going to use even tools like the Sunday County to infect our computer with a stream to allow them to see all the communication, and listen to the online discussions to get our data.
When we think about things like this, the obvious answer should be "Well, it looks bad, but it doesn't really affect me because I'm an honest citizen.
Why worry about me?
I have nothing to hide.
And that argument doesn't make sense.
It's about privacy.
The privacy is not arguing about.
It's not a question of privacy against security.
It's about freedom against control.
If we could rely on our governments today in 2011, any right we argue today, it's going to be forever.
Are we going to rely on any future government, in a administration that we could have within 50 years?
These are the questions that we should worry about in the next 50 years.
This is where I live. I live in Kenya, in the southern part of National Park.
These are the cows of my dad, at the bottom, and behind the cows -- the National Park.
The National Park of Nairobi has no near near the South part of the south, which means wild animals like the books migrate freely outside the park.
And predators, like lions are following them, and this is what they do.
They kill our livestock together.
This is one of the ones who killed at night, and so soon we got up in the morning and found it dead and found it dead so bad because it was the only thing we had.
My community, the mothers, we think we came from the sky with our animals and all the land to track them, and so we value them so much.
So I grew up with the lions.
The dying are warriors that protect our community and livestock and they're also annoyed with the problem.
So kill lions.
This is one of six lions who killed in Nairobi.
I think that's why there are so few in the National Park.
A child in my community, six at age six, is responsible for their father and this was the same thing that happened to me.
So I had to find a way to solve this problem.
My first idea was to use fire, because I thought the lions would give them fear.
But I realized that this is actually not going to happen, because I even helped lions look at the state of far.
I didn't mind. I went on.
A second idea was to use a stores.
I was trying to deceive lions so they thought was close to the state.
But lions are very smart.  They came the first day and saw the bread, and they were left, but the second day, they came back and said, "This thing doesn't move, it's always here.  So they jumped and killed animals.
So one night I was walking around the stable with a torch and that day lions didn't come.
I found that lions are afraid of light that moves around.
So I had an idea.
And I got a switch with which to learn and turn the lights.
And this is a little lamp of a broken flashlight.
I took everything.
As you can see, the solar panel load the battery and the battery supply electricity to the small Indian box -- I call it a transformational.
And the Indian box makes the lights off.
As you can see, the yellow will go outside, because that's where the lions come from.
And that's how you see the lions when they come from night.
The lights are transparent and support the lions to think that I'm walking through the bubble, but I'm sleeping in my bed.
Thank you.
So I put them in my house two years ago, and since then, we never came back to having trouble with lions.
And the house houses heard the idea.
One of them is this grandmother.
She had killed many animals so many animals and asked me if I could put the lights.
I said yes.
I put them. You can see the background, these are the lights for lions.
Since then, I've been installed in seven houses in my community, and they're serving a lot.
And my idea is also used by all of Kenya, to scare other predators as lives, respects, and also being used to get elephants from farms.
Thanks to this invention, I had the fortune to get a scholarship in one of the best schools in Kenya, Brooklyn International School, and I'm very excited.
My new school is now helping raise funding and awareness.
I even took my friends to my community, and we installed lights in the houses that they don't have, and I teach them how to put them.
So one year ago, it was just a child in the front of the savanna and the cow of my father, and I used to see airplanes fly, and I was told that one day would be inside one.
And here I am.
I got the opportunity to come first to TED.
My big dream is to become an engineer of aviation and pilot.
I used to hate the lions, but now as my invention is saving the cows of my dad and the lions, we can be with lions without any conflict.
Hello lead. What in my language means, thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You don't imagine how exciting it is to listen to a story like yours.
So you get a scholarship. Richard Strategy.
CA: You're working on other electrical inventions.
What's the next one in your list.
RS: My next invention is -- I want to make an electric fence -- CA: An electric reactor?
RS: I know you already invented the electric schools, but I want to do mine.
CA: You try it once, right? And you -- 29, I've tried it before, but because I got a battery.  CA: From the story. Richard Street, you are a big thing.
We're going to animate in every step that you are, my friend.
Thank you very much. Thank you very much.
When I was little, I thought my country was the best of the planet.
And I grew up singing a song called "I don't envy anything."
And I felt very proud.
In school, we spent all the time studying the story of Kim Revolution, but we never learned much about the rest of the world, except that America, South Korea, Japan are the enemy.
But sometimes I wondered about the rest of the world, I thought I would spend my entire life in North Korea, until everything changed.
When I was seven years old, I saw my first public execution.
But I thought my life in North Korea was normal.
My family was not poor, and I had never spent hungry.
But one day, in 1995, my mom brought home a letter of my sister.
That said, "When you read this, the five members of the family will stop there in this world, because we haven't eaten in the last two weeks.
We're collected together on the floor, and our bodies are so weak that we're prepared to die."
I was very all.
It was the first time I heard that people were suffering in my country.
At the time when I walked in front of the train station, I saw something terrible I can't erase from my memory.
A woman without life was dead on the street, holding a kid up in his arms looking at her mother's face without being able to do anything.
Nobody helped them, because they were very concerned about taking care of themselves and their families.
A huge drag water to North Korea in the middle of the 1990s.
At the end, over a million Koreans died during the famine and only few survive eating party, insects and tree cortex.
They also became more and more prevalent energy cuts all around me completely on dark at night except for the sea lights in China, barely crossing my river from my house.
I always wondered why they had light and we don't.
This is a satellite picture of North Korea at night compared to neighboring countries.
This is the Mortal River, which serves from the edge of North and China.
As you can see, the river can be very expensive at certain points, allowing Veronica to cross secret.
But many of them die.
Sometimes, I saw bodies floating in the river.
I can't reveal the details of how I came out of North Korea, but I can only say that during the years of famine I was sent to China to live with distant environments.
But I just thought I would be separated from my family for short time.
I could never have imagined that I would take 14 years to live together.
In China, it was hard to live as a young woman without my family.
I had no idea what life would be like as a record designer.
But soon I learned that it's not just extremely difficult, but also dangerous, because the African refugees in China were considered illegal immigrants in China.
So I was living with a lovely fear that my identity was revealed and would be represented to a horrible fate back in North Korea.
One day, my worst nightmare became reality, when I was arrested by the Chinese police, and they admitted me in the police station.
Somebody had been accused by being Nicole, then they looked at my skills in the Chinese language, and they asked me a lot of questions.
He was terrified.
I thought my heart was going to explode.
If it didn't seem natural, it could be incarcerated and proposed.
I thought my life was going to end.
But I managed to control my emotions and answered the questions.
At the end of the galaxy a officer told another, "This was a fake report. She's not normal."
And they let me go. It was a miracle.
Some Koreans in China are looking for sex in foreign backgrounds.
But many people can be arrested by Chinese police, problems.
These women were very lucky.
Though they had caught them, they were eventually released after an international pressure.
These governments were not so lucky.
Every year, countless Koreans are captured in China and started North Korea, where they're tortured or imprisoned or executed in public.
Even though I was lucky to escape, many other governments have not been so lucky.
It's tragic that governments have to hide their identity and fight so hard just to survive.
Even after learning a new language and find work, all of its world can fit in an instant.
That's why, after 10 years of hiding my identity, I decided to risk going to South Korea.
And I started a new life again.
So in South Korea was a much larger challenge than I expected.
English was very important in South Korea, I had to start learning my third language.
Also, I understood that there was a big gap between North and South Africa.
We're all Koreans, but inside, we've got to be very different because of 67 years of divide.
Even through a crisis of identity.
Am I African or Nigerian or Nigerian?
Where am I? Who am I?
Suddenly, there was no country that I could call with pride myself.
Even though embracing life in South Korea was not easy, I did a plan. I started studying for the entrance exam to college.
Just when I started to adapt to my new life, I got a classical call.
The North Korean authorities would intercept some money that sent my family, and as a punishment -- my family was going to be displaced to force to a starting location on the outside.
They had to go immediately.
So I started planning how to help them escape.
Northeres have to travel long distances on the way towards freedom.
It's almost impossible to cross the border between North Korea and South Korea.
So ironically, I took a flight to China and walked to the border with North Korea.
Because my family couldn't speak Chinese, I had to guide them, in some way, for more than 3,000 miles across China and then across Southeast Asia.
The bus trip took a week, and we were almost caught several times.
Once again, our bus was arrested and supported by a Chinese police officer.
He asked the identification of everybody and started asking them questions.
As my family couldn't understand Chinese, I thought my family was going to be arrested.
When the Chinese officer came up to my family, I immediately stood up and I told him that they were degrees who were in professional.
I looked at myself, but fortunately I believed it.
We did all the way up to the Facebook border.
But I had to spend almost all my money to bribe the border guards in Laws.
But even after spending the border, my family was arrested and imprisoned by crossing the border of the supply.
After paying mountains and souls, my family was released in a month.
But in time, my family was arrested and imprisoned again in the California capital.
This was one of the lowest points in my life.
I did everything to liberate my family, and we were so close to me, but my family was held in prison prison in the South Korean embassy of South Korea.
I went and came between the office of immigration and police station, desperately trying to liberate my family.
But he didn't have enough money to pay more seats or mountains.
I lost hope.
At that time, or the voice of a man asking, "What is the problem?"
I was so surprised that a stranger would matter to ask.
With my poor English and a dictionary, I explained the situation, and without doubt -- the man went to the ATM ATM and gave me the rest of the money for my family and for other two governments and take them out of prison.
I was grateful with all my heart, and I asked him, "Why do I help me?
"I'm not helping you, he said.
"I'm helping the northeast people.
I realized that that was a symbolic moment in my life.
The untold sentence symbolizes a new hope for me and for the northern people when we needed it more we needed it.
And I showed that the kindness of the unknown and the support of international community are really the hope rays that the North people need.
Over time, after our long journey, my family and I met in South Korea.
But achieving its freedom is just half the battle.
Many governments are separated from their families and when they go to a new country, they start with little or nothing of money.
So we can benefit from the international community with education, the practice of English language, labor practices, and more.
We can also act as bridge between people inside North Korea and the rest of the world.
Because many of us continue in contact with family still inside, and we send information and money that's helping to change North Korea from within.
I've been very lucky, I've gotten a lot of aid and inspiration in my life, so I want to help neurons a chance to thrive with international support.
I'm sure you're going to see more and more governments moving around the world, including on the TED stage.
Thank you.
I live in Southern Cartoon.
This is Central Cartoo, starting traditions, fast food, lower lines.
So the planners in the city came together and thought, we're going to change the name of South Central to represent something else, so they changed it to the South South, as if this will fix what is actually wrong in the city.
This is the South South.  You have really lights -- fast food, the blue feeding.
Just like 36 million other Americans live in a food desert, the Net Central Center, home of food places to take and eat in the car.
The curious thing is that the food places to take kill more people than food in the car.
People are dying from white diseases in the South Central Center.
For example, the obesity rate in my neighborhood is five times bigger than, say, September Hillismons, which is about 15 miles away.
I'm tired of seeing this happen.
And I wondered, how would they feel if they didn't have access to healthy food, and if every time they leave home you see the killer effects that the current food system is in your neighborhood.
I see chairs of wheels bought and sold as used cars.
I see three-dimensional weapons like Syria.
And I think this must stop.
I think the problem is the solution.
Food is the problem, and it's the solution.
In addition to me to drive 45 minutes away and go back to buy a apple that has no pesticides, no patterns.
What I did was plant a food forest in front of my house.
On a street farm we call a distance.
It's 45 feet three feet.
The point is, it belongs to the city.
But you have to keep it.
I said, "Well, I can do the thing that comes to me, because it's my responsibility and I have to keep it."
This is how I decided to keep it.
So my group and I, L.A. Green Great, we put together and started planting our food forest -- coral trees, you know, the nine vegetables.
What we do, we are kind of a proportional group for all of the presentations of all the process, all of the city and completely voluntary and everything we do is free.
And the garden was beautiful.
Then someone complained about it.
The city came up to me and in summary, they gave me a little bit of a school saying that I had to withdraw my garden.
And I said, "Come on, really?
A court order to plant food in a piece of land that no one matters?  So I was like, "Well, let's take it down."
Because this time it wasn't going to happen.
L.A. Times had the story written by Steve Robert, and I talked to the container and one of the members of Green Greens, who put a petition in Congo, with 900 forms, we were a success.
We had the victory in our hands.
My context even called to say that they were going to go and love what we were doing.
I mean, we go, why not?
L.A. is the city of America with more street levels.
It has 60 miles of fall land.
That's 20 Central Park.
That's enough space to plant 72 million plants.
Why don't you tell them about this?
Growing up a plant will give about 1,000 billions.
When a dollar of hostility will give you 75 dollars a result.
It's my man, when I tell people, cultivate your own food.
Growing your own food is like print your own money.
You see, I have a legacy for Southern Cartoon.
I grew up there. I raised my kids there.
I'm laughing to be part of this manufacturing reality that was manufacturing for me for others, and I'm going to manufacture my own reality.
You see, I'm an artist.
The grandmother is my graffiti -- I cultivate my art.
Just like an artist artist who read walls -- I shed soils, strength.
I use the garden, the land, like a piece of canvas, and plants and trees, are my performance of that canvas.
They are surprised to see what the Earth can do. If you let it be your canvas.
They just can't imagine how amazing a glacier is and how people affect people.
What happened?
I'm a witness of how my garden became a tool of education, of transformation of my neighborhood.
To change the community, you have to change the composition of land.
We are the land.
They are surprised to see how kids affect children.
The open is the most therapeutic and powerful act that you can do, especially in a group.
Also, they get really.
I remember one occasion, who came up with a mother and his daughter, they were like 16-year-old at night, and they were in my garden and went out and looked very quickly.
I, well, man, I felt bad that they were there, and I said, you know, you don't have to do this.
This is in the street for a reason.
I felt shame when I saw people who were so close to me, and this just reinforces why I do this, people ask me, "Yeah, don't you afraid people will steal your food?
I say, "Oh my God, I don't have fear that you will steal her."
That's in the street.
That's what it looks like.
I want you to take it, but at the same time, I want you to pick up your health.
There was another occasion that I put a garden in a search shelter in downtown Los Angeles.
There were these guys who helped me download the truck.
It was parallel, they shared me their stories about how this had affected them and how they used to plant with her mom and his grandmother, and it was fabulous to see how this changed them, so just for a moment.
So Green Great has come to plant maybe 20 dogs.
We've had about 50 people who come from, work and participate, all in voluntary plan.
If kids grow color, kids eat color.
If you grow tomatoes -- they'll eat takes.  But if none of this is taught you, if you're not taught how food affects the mind and the body, they eat blind what you put in front of you.
I see young people who want to work, but they have this thing that you're stuck. I see color kids who are on this path designed for them, which leads them nowhere.
With the orbiting, I see an opportunity where we can train these kids who are suffering from their communities to have sustainable life.
And when we do this, who knows?
Perhaps the next George Washington Carrotonian.
But if we don't change the composition of the land, we will never do it.
Now this is one of my plans. This is something I want to do.
I want to plant a whole block of gardens, where people can share food in the same picture.
I want to take container and turn them into healthy chaos.
Don't get me.
I'm not talking about free things, because free is not sustainable.
The curious thing about sustainability, is that you have to sustain it.
What I'm talking about is to put people working on the street, take kids out of the street, and the pride and the honor of growing their own food, opening markets of farmers.
What I want to do here, we have to make it sexy.
I want everyone to become evolutionary records, supermarkets, or sure participators.
We have to change the script of what's a subject.
If you're not a circummation, you're not a subject.
That the supermarkets take their part of it?
That is your choice of choice.
In fact, if you want to meet me, well, if you want to see me, I don't call me if you want to sit in comfortable chairs and have meetings to talk about making some mineral -- to talk about making some shit.
If you want to look at me, you come to the garden with your stick so that we can plant something.
Peace peace. Thank you.
Thank you.
(Austrophy-four noises)  (Audience of the microscope."  You probably all agree with me that this is a very nice road.
It's made of attraction, and the asphalt is a good material to drive, but not always, especially not in days like today, where it takes a lot.
You can have a huge amount of water in the asphalt that it is absolutely.
And especially if you go on your bicycle, and these cars pass on, that's not very nice.
Also, the asphalt can make a lot of noise.
It's a noisy material and if we built roads, like in the Netherlands, very close to cities, we would want a silent road.
The solution to that is to make perfect asphalt characters.
The heart asphalt -- a material that we use now in most roads in the Netherlands of the Netherlands, it has pores and water can go through it, so the whole water water will flow up to the sides and have a road for which it's easy to drive, and they will not support water.
The noise will also disappear in these days.
Because it's very heavy, all the noise will disappear -- so it's a very silent road.
It also has alligators, of course, and the disadvantages of this road is that you can get rid of it.
What is the tape? You see that in this road, the stone stones come out.
First one stone, then several more and more and more, etc., and then -- well, I'm not going to do that.  But you can give him your windshield and not be happy with that.
And finally, this can also take more and more harm.
Sometimes they can create baby with that.
Ah! It's ready.
Back, of course, that you can become a problem, but we have a solution.
Here you can actually see how the damage appears in this material.
It's a bad show, like I said, so it only has a little amount of sand between the stones between the stones.
Because of the instrument, the ultraviolet light, the angle, this artist, this bank, the glue between the rivers, will be considered, and if you collect, they'll do microbes and get off the liver.
So if you drive through the road, you will get the inputs -- as we saw it here.
In order to solve this problem, we think about controllers.
If we can make this material around it, then we probably have a solution.
So what we can do is use steel wool -- from that to clean parasites, and we can cut the steel line into very small chunks, and we can mix those little bits with the bank.
So we have a asphalt with small chunks of steel on it.
Then you need a machine, like what you see here, that you use to cook -- a computer machine.
The driver can heat up, especially steel, is very good at that.
So what you have to do is heat the steel, melt the button, the button will flow through these microbes and rocks will go back to the surface.
I used a microwave oven, because I can't bring the big innovation machine here onstage.
The microwave oven is a similar system.
I put the sample, which I'm now going to take to see what happened.
This is the show that comes out now.
I said we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab to heat the samples.
We tested a lot of samples there, and then the government, they really saw our results, and they thought, "Well, that's really interesting. We have to try it."
So they gave us a piece of roads, 400 meters from the automobile attack, where we had to do a trial of trials to test this material.
So that's what we did there. You see where we were doing the test in roads, and then of course, this road will last several years without any damage. That's what we know about practice.
We took a lot of samples of this road and test them in the lab.
We did aging the samples, we put a lot of charge in them, we repair them then with our computer machine and we repair them and we would prove them.
We can repeat this many times.
Well, to conclude, I can say that we've done a material using steel fibers by incorporating these fibers by using the behavioral energy to actually increase the life of the road, they can even double the life of the road, they can actually double a lot of money with very simple tricks.
And now, of course, they have curiosity of if this was also working.
We still have the sample here. It's pretty hot.
You actually have to cool first before you can show you how the repair is.
But I'm going to do a try.
Let's see. Yes, it worked.
Thank you.
When I was 11 years old, I remember having woken up a morning with the sound of the bank in my house.
My father was listening to New News in his little gray radius.
He had a big smile in his face that was unusual in those times, because the news usually depressed.
"The Taliban was "did a father. I screamed my father.
I didn't know what it was, but I could see that my father was very, very happy.
"Now you can go to a real school."
One morning I never forget.
A real school.
You see, I was six years old when the Taliban was possible and made illegal girls that girls went to school.
For the next five years, I was dressed as a child to escort my older sister who could no longer be used outside, to go to a secret school.
It was the only way we were able to educate them.
Every day, we took a different route so nobody could suspect where we were.
We had to hide the books in the stock of market so that it seems like we were shopping.
The school was at a house, over 100 of us stuck in a small room.
It was nice in the winter, but extremely hot in summer.
We all knew we risked our lives, the teacher, the students and our parents.
Every once in time, school was closed entirely for a week, because the Taliban was sustainable.
We always wondered what they knew about us.
Were they following us?
Did you know where we live?
We were attacked, but still, school was where we wanted to be.
I was very lucky to grow in a family where education was appreciated and the daughters a search.
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for his time.
A total snapshot of a remote province of Afghanistan. insisted in that his daughter, my mother, went to school, and so his father was going to be it.
But my educated mother became a teacher.
This is it.
It will retire two years ago, just to turn our home home for girls and women in our neighborhood.
And my father, this is, was the first of his family to get education.
There was no doubt that their children had to receive education, even their daughters, despite the shirts, despite the risks.
For him, there was a bigger risk in not educating their children.
Over the years of the Taliban. I remember there were moments that I was very frustrated by our life, and I was always scared and didn't see a future.
I wanted to stop, but my father would say, "Let me tell me, I can lose everything you have in life.
You can steal your money, you can force your house for a war.
But there's one thing that will always be with you, what is here and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education, we will.
So you still want not to save?
Today I'm 22 years old.
I grew up in a country that has been destroyed by decades of war.
Less than six percent of the women of my age have more than the battle, and if my family would not have been so committed to my education, I would be one of them.
Instead, I find myself here proud to graduate in European College
When I went back to Afghanistan, my grandfather, the one that was left from his home for the courage of educating their daughters, was one of the first ones to be offered.
He wasn't just clear about my college degree, but also that I was the first woman, and I'm the first woman who led to driving it through the streets of Kabul.
My family believes in me.
I dream big, but my family has even bigger dreams for me.
That's why I'm the global ambassador of 1965, a global campaign to educate women.
That's why I cofounded Safe, the first and perhaps the only private school for girls in Afghanistan, a country where it's still risky for girls to go to school.
The exciting thing is that I see students in my school with the strong desire to harness opportunity.
And I see their parents and their families who, like my own, to weigh for them, to weigh and still in front of a stage specialist.
As Army. It's not his real name, and I can't show you your face, but Alex is the father of one of my students.
Less than one month ago, he and his daughter were coming from the way from Salahle to his village, and literally they were unable to be killed by a bomb on the road, for minutes.
When you get to his house, they are the phone -- a voice would warn him that if he kept sending his daughter to school, they would try.
"Look, if you want to say, "But I won't give the future of my daughter for his old and the restaurant of ideas."
What I've given me tell you about Afghanistan, and it's something that is often forgotten in the West, is that behind most of us who are invisible, there's a father who recognized the value of his daughter and see that the success of her own success.
It doesn't mean that our mothers have not been key in our success.
In fact, it's often the first compelling conservation of the brilliant future of their daughters, but in the context of a society like Afghanistan, we need the support of men.
Under the leagues, the girls who went to school are in hundreds of -- remember, it was illegal.
But today, over three million girls go to school in Afghanistan.
Afghanistan looks so different from here in America.
I find that Americans see the fragility of change.
I fear that these changes don't last long sleep, after the U.S. troops.
But when I go back to Afghanistan, when I see the students in my school and their parents who advocate for them, they take them up, I see a future future and a lasting change.
For me, Afghanistan is a country of hope and unlimited possibilities, and every day the girls of Saturn remind me.
Like me, they dream big.
Thank you.
I've never forgotten the words of my grandmother who died in the explosion, "Hey, resistance Jamaian.
But you never become a state Revolution control."
They've spent almost two years since the revolution has been inspired by the flu of mass movements so much of the Tunisian revolution as the Egyptian institution.
A forces with many other citizens and the country in the country to call a day of rage and start a revolution against the free regime of Japan.
And we did. It was a great revolution.
Women and young men were in the regime, they demanded the fall of the regime, providing the back of freedom, dignity and social justice.
They have shown a courage to start in the independent brutal Brooklyn index.
They've shown a great sense of solidarity from the east East, to the west, to the south.
Finally, after a period of six months of brutal war, and some losses of about 50,000 dead, we managed to release our country and defeat the air.
However, Judied left a speed of cartoon, a shoe of signature, corruption and flatory billions.
For four decades, the Nixon Redwood regime destroyed infrastructure, the culture and the moral structure of the society.
It's aware of the devastation and the challenges, I have wanted, along many other women, rebuild civil civil society, demanding an inclusive transition and fair towards democracy and national reconciliation.
It was established about 200 organizations in Benjamin and immediately after the fall of Congratulation.
After a period of 33 years of exile, I went back to Libya and with a single enthusiasm I started organizing workshops about developing capacity, and leadership skills.
With an incredible group of women, we founded the People's Force Forces, a movement of women, leaders, of very diverse orientation to advocate for the political autonomy of the woman and for our equal participation right in the building of democracy and peace.
I found myself with a very difficult environment in the project of the project -- an environment that was increasingly coldest -- which is model of selfish and anticipation police.
Over time, our initiative was approved and successful.
Women won a 1814, from the National Congress in the first elections in 52 years.
However, the exhilaration of elections and revolution as a whole, were disappearing, every day we found news news news.
One day we woke up with the news of ancient magic paradigms and Sufi grandchildren.
Another day I was born with the news of the murder of the American worker and the attack to the seat.
Another day we woke up with the news of the army of the army officer.
And every day, every day we wake up with the government government and their continued transitions of human rights and their lack of respect from law.
Our society, shaped by a revolutionary mindset, is more polarized more, and it's gone away from the ideals and principles of freedom, dignity, social justice, that we had at the beginning.
Construction, anger and shame became the icons of the consequences of revolution.
I'm not here today to inspire you with our history of the success of "The "The February state and the election.
Now, I'm here today to confess that we, as a nation, we chose bad, we make the wrong decision.
We don't prioritize good.
Because elections didn't bring peace, stability and security to City.
The free list and the alternative between candidates and candidates brought peace and national reconciliation.
No, they didn't.
What happened then?
Why is our society still polluted and dominated with selfish and anti-territies, both for men like women?
Perhaps what was missing was not just women, but the female values of compassion, industry and inclusive values.
Our society needs national dialogue and creating consensus more than it needed choices, which only reinforced polarization and division alone.
Our nation needs the collective representation of the female more than need the negative and quantitative representation of it.
We need to stop acting as agents of individuals and calling days of anger.
We need to start acting as agents of compassion and mistake.
We need to develop a female speech, which is not just honor, but also putting the prison instead of the generation, the collaboration instead of competition, the inclusion instead of exclusion.
These are the ideals that a Libya, wired by war, desperately desperately needs to get peace.
Because peace has a limitation that is about the interaction and the alternative between female perspectives and male people.
That's the real cartoon.
We need to establish that in a existential way before we do it in a social way.
According to a corner of the Koran -- Day -- is the word of the Rick God, "Sea "search" -- "Special God.
At the same time, the word "Franklin, which is known in all the free traditions -- has the same root in Arabic that the word Frankly, metabolic and stranger, which access all the humanity that men and women, than all tribes and all the peoples have been killed.
And so just like the uterus covers completely the embryo, which grows into the inside, the divine matrix of compassion is all the existence.
So we are like, "My mercy.
So it says, "My mercy.
That everybody is aware of the grace of the mistake.
Thank you.
I'm here today to talk to you about a disturbing question, which has an equally disturbing response.
It's about the secrets of domestic violence, and the question I'm going to talk about is the one that everybody is doing -- why is she left?
Why would anybody go to stay with a man who was shooting it?
I'm not a psychiatrist, no social worker, no expert in domestic violence.
I'm just a woman with a story to tell.
I was 22 years old. I just mentioned at Harvard University.
I had moved to New York for my first job as a writer and editor in the Senator magazine.
I had my first apartment. My first green card American Anderson, and I had a very big secret.
My secret was that many, many times the man, that I created my twin soul -- I was pointing to her head with a shoes, cold with the straight street.
The man, which I loved anyone in this world, put a gun in my head and threatened to kill me more times than I can remember.
I'm here to tell you the story of "Green" -- a psychological trap. I love love, where they fall every year millions of women, and even some men.
It could even be your story.
I don't look like a typical survival of domestic violence.
I am at the English University of Harvard University, and I have a MBA at Berger Business Chicago.
I've spent most of my career working for companies of the list "The Few 5,000 -- between them Johnson & Johnson, Leo Bush and The Washington Pole.
It takes almost 20 years married to my second husband and have three children.
My dog is a black boring and a conduct College Conference.
So my first message for you is that domestic violence can happen to anyone, every race, all the levels, all levels, and education.
It's everywhere.
And my second message is that everybody thinks that domestic violence happens to women, which is a women's problem.
Not exactly.
Over 85 percent of the cartoons are men, and the domestic abuse only happens in intimate relationships, independent and long duration or saying in another way, in families, the last place where we want or expect to find violence, which is why the domestic abuse is so specialized.
I wish I would have told you that it would be the last person in the world that would be left with a man who pays it, and in fact I was a very typical victim because of my age.
It was 22 years old, and in the United States women of 16 and 24 years of age have three times more likely to be victims of domestic violence than the other ages, and over 500 women and girls of that age are killed every year by partners, volunteers and abusive husbands in the United States.
I was also a typical victim because I didn't know anything about domestic violence, their signs of warning or their patterns.
I met Congo on a cold and rainy night of January.
I was sitting next to me in the subway in New York and started to ease me.
He said two things.
The first one was that he had just got rid of a university of the Edisp Aristotle and worked in a very important bank of Wall Street.
But the thing that struck me on that first encounter was that it was ready and fun, and that it seemed like a field of the field.
I had some big billion big molecules like apples and a straight hair, and it seemed so sweet.
One of the smartest things that I did, from the beginning, was to create the illusion that I was the dominant component of the mate.
He did it all over the beginning by putting me in a protection.
We started out and I loved everything of me, which was ready that I had gone to Harvard who would put passion to help teenage girls, and my work.
I wanted to know everything about my family, my childhood, my dreams and illusions.
I believed in me, as a writer, and as a woman, as no one had ever done it.
And that's why the joy in that prestigious school and the work on Wall Street and his bright future had so much relevance to him.
I didn't know that the first phase at any relationship of domestic violence is to move and make the victim.
And I didn't know the second step is to isolate it.
Now, the last thing I wanted to do was to go from New York and leave the work of my dreams, but I thought I had to make sacrifices for your partner, so I accepted my work and I went together from Manhattan.
I had no idea that I was walking in a "Novelty "Star -- who was entering head in a physical and financial and psychological record, carefully proposed.
The next step in the domestic violence pattern is to introduce the threat of violence to see how it reacts it.
And this is where those pilots come in.
In how much we moved to New England you know, that place where he was supposed to have to feel so safe to buy three contents.
One was in the length of the car.
Another shot under the pillow in our bed, and the third always in his pocket.
And he said I needed those standards because of the trauma that lived in a little living.
I needed them to feel safe.
But those resistances actually were a message for me, and although I had never raised my hand, my life was already in serious danger, every minute of every day.
The first physical attack attack happened five days before our wedding.
They were seven in the morning and still had the trucks.
Five days later, when the 10 bruises of my neck had disappeared, I put my mother lives of my mother and married me with him.
Despite what had happened, I was sure that we lived happily forever, because I loved him, and he also wanted a lot.
And I was very, very sure.
It just had felt very upset by the wedding and by the fact that he made a family with me.
I had been an isolated accident and I never would make it happen.
I spent twice in our mining moon.
The first time I was driving up to a secret beach and I lost, and he gave me so strong in the head that retired several times against the home of the car.
And then, a couple days later, driving back from our mining moon. He broke through the traffic and threw me a Big Mac cold on the face.
And I went on with one or twice a week for the next two and a half years of our marriage.
I was wrong when I thought it was the only one in this situation.
One in three American women is a victim of domestic violence or action at some point in their life, and the Disease Control Center reported that every year 15 million children are background, 15 million.
So actually, I had very good company.
Going back to my question: Why did I get it?
The answer is simple.
I didn't know he was abusing me.
Instead, I was a very strong woman, we fell in love with a deeply anthropologized man, and it was the only person in the world who could help me to face their common.
The other question that everybody does is, why is it just not allow?
Why didn't I? I could have gone anywhere.
To me, this is the saddest and painful question that people do, because we, the victims, we know something that normally you ignore -- is incredibly dangerous to abandon a cartoon.
Because the last phase in the domestic violence pattern is to kill it.
More than 70 percent of the activists in domestic violence are happening after the victim has put the relationship to the relationship, after getting married, because then the barrel has no longer at all.
Other conclusions include permanent access, even after the balloon has come to contain, and financial resources, and manipulation of the family system of family to terrified the victim and their children, who are normally forced by judges to spend not supported with the man who paid their mother.
And we still keep asking why it simply doesn't go?
I was able to go, because of a last little policy that came up with my denial.
I realized that the man who loved so much, would have killed me if I had allowed it.
So I broke the silence.
I told everybody, to the police, to my neighbors, my friends and family, to complete strangers, and I'm here today because all of you helped me.
We have the tendency to stretch victims as popular sites, self-destructive women, damaged women.
The question, "Why is it left?
For some people that is a way to say, "The fault is theirs for "sex, as if the victims are going to be able to kill us in love with men who want to destroy us.
But since I published "Last London -- I've heard hundreds of stories of men and women who were also expanding -- that they learned a regime lesson about what happened to them and they gave their lives lives and happy, happy lives like employees, wives, wives, completely free of violence, like mine.
Because it turns out that I'm actually a victim and a very typical domestic violence.
I went to marry a man and a nice man and we have those three children.
I have that black designer and also that line.
What I'm going to have never got to do is never more, it's a charged gun pointing on my head in hands of someone who says I want.
At this point, as you're thinking, "Oh, that's "courageous -- or "Hey, what silly it was, but all this time I've actually been talking about you.
I assure you there are a few people that are listening to me right now, who are being struck or who were small or who are translated themselves.
The bat could be affecting his daughter, his sister, their best friend right now.
I was able to put my crazy love to my local love by looking at silence.
And I keep doing this today.
It's my way to help other victims, and it's my last request to you.
They talk about what you've heard here.
The abuse thrives only in silence.
They have the power to end domestic violence simply throwing light on it.
The victims need everybody.
We need each of you to understand the secrets of domestic violence.
They take the bat to the light talking about it with your kids, their coworkers work, their friends and family.
They replace their vision of survivors as fantastic and lovely people who have a full future.
They recognize the early signs of violence to intervene consciously, to slow their scale and show the victims a safe salt.
Together, we can turn our beds, our tables and our families in the safe and the same spaces that should be.
Thank you.
Hello. My name's Cameron Rosses, and for a while, I'm a model.
To be precise, for 10 years ago.
And I feel like at this moment there's an uncomfortable tension in the room because I shouldn't have dressed this way.  Fortunately, I've brought clothes to change.
This is the first change of clothing on a TED stage, so you have a lot of lucky to show it, I think.
If some of the women were horrified when I went, they don't have to let me now, but I'll find it later on Twitter.
I also want to point out that I have the privilege of being able to change what you think about me in just 10 seconds.
Not everybody has that opportunity.
These links are very uncomfortable -- less bad than I don't have to use them.
The worst part is to pass this sweater on the head, because it's when you're going to laugh at me, so you don't do anything while I cover my head.
All right.
Why have I done this?
It's been embarrassing.
Well, I hope not as much as this picture.
The appearance is powerful, but it's also a superficial one.
I've changed totally what they thought about me in six seconds.
And in this picture, I had never had a girlfriend in real life.
He was totally uncomfortable and the photographer told me that I would preserve the back and would clarify the baby's hair.
Of course, except with surgery or an artificial break like the one that I did two days ago for work, there is very little that we can do to transform our aspect of it, which, although superficial and immense, has a big impact in our lives.
So today, to me, being brave means being honest.
I'm in this stage because I'm a model.
Because I'm a nice white and white woman, and in my lab sector.
I'm going to answer the questions that people always do, but in a way.
The first question is, how does it become model?
And I always say, a cardia discovered, but that doesn't mean anything.
The real reason I made myself model is because I won the genetic lottery, and I'm the benefit of a region, and maybe you're wondering what this heritage.
Well, in the last few centuries we haven't only defined beauty as health, youth and symmetry, which we are biologically programmed to admire -- we have also associated it to a high and beautiful figure, to the womanhood.
And that's my heritage that I've been able to exploit to make money.
And I know that there are people in the audience who are now showing you, and maybe there are some lovers in the fashion that say, wait. There are Bonanamer, Simon, Joan Scottish Lady, Ladie Scottish Lady.
First of all, the happiness to know so much about models. It's amazing.
But unfortunately, I have to report that in 2007, a Ph.D. student at the University of New York City told each of the models in the runway, and from the 77-year-old models, only 27 models, which is less than four percent, they weren't white.
The next question that people are always asking me is, can you be model when it's better?
And my first answer is: I don't know, I don't get rid of that.
But then, what I really would tell each of these girls is, why? You can be whatever you want.
You can be president of the United States, or the inventor of the next Internet, or a common contribute surgeon and spot, which would be awesome, because you would be the first one.
If after this particular list, they still stop, no, no, Cameron -- I want to be a model, then I say, "I know my defense.
Because I'm not in charge of anything, and you could be the record of the American magazine magazine or the CEO of Leonardo, or the next Steven Leinesk.
To say that most of you want to be model is like saying you want to win the lottery when you're larger.
It's out of your control, it's amazing, and it's not a job you can choose.
I'm going to show you all what I learned in 10 years as a model, because unlike the cardiac surgery, it can be summarized right now.
I don't know what happened there.
Sadly, once you've done your studies, and you have a fear and some jobs on your back, no longer what you say, what you say, if you said you want to be president of the United States, but your curriculum said, model of clothes for 10 years, people would look at weird.
The next question that people are always doing is if all the photos are catching up.
And yes, you basically recognize all the pictures, but that's just a small part of what happens.
This was the first picture that took me and also the first time I used a book, and I didn't even have my period.
I know we're entering the personal field, but it was a girl.
And so it lights next to my grandmother a few months earlier.
These two pictures are the same day.
My friend came with me.
Here I am at a party party a few days before the pictures for the French Viece.
Here I am with my football team and the magazine at The magazine.
And this is me today.
And I hope you realize that I'm not in those pictures.
They are creations of a group of professionals, collaborations, photographers, photographers and studies, and all of their students and people of proposition and protection, and they can create this. That's not me.
Well, the next question that people always ask me is: Do you get things free ...
I have too many three contacts of 20 feet and I never use, except the previous stop, but the privilege that I get in the real life, and that we don't like to talk about.
I grew up in Cambridge, and I once went to a store and forgot to take money, and they gave me the free dress on me.
When I was teenager, I was traveling with my friend who was a form of a common community, and it jumped out a red but of course, and of course, they stood up, and I spent a Sorry, agent to be able to be able to drive.
I enjoy these privilege for me, not for what I am. And there are people who are paying a price for their sense without matter who they are.
I live in New York, and last year, from 140 teenage 140 people who were left and recorded -- 86 percent were black and stations, and most of them were young men.
And there are only 17 black young people in New York City, so for them, it's not a question of me going to be you?
But how many times will you stop me, and when how many times will you know?
When I research for this talk, I learned that at 53 percent of the 13 years of 13 years in the United States don't like their body, and that number goes down to 78 percent at 17.
So the last question that people ask me is: What is the life of a model?
And I think the answer you hope is, if you're a little bit thinner and you have the most brilliant hair, you feel very happy and stumble.
And behind the cameras, we give a response that maybe it looks like.
We say, it's really wonderful to travel, and also incredible power to work with creative people, ingenious and passionate people.
And all of that is true, but it's only one part of what happens, because what we never say in front of the cameras, what I have never said in front of them, is: I'm insecure.
And I'm because I have to worry about my aspect every day.
And if you ever ask yourself, with some more thin legs and the most brilliant hair to be happier?
They just have to meet with a group of models, because they have the most thin legs and the most bright hair and the clothes more often, but probably the women are physically more insecure on the planet.
But mostly it was hard to analyze a racial pressure, and of gender when I am one of the greatest benefits.
If there is something to retain from this talk, I hope you all feel more comfortable when you recognize the power of the image in the perception that we have from success and failure.
Thank you.
The photograph has been my passion since I was older enough to support a camera, but today I want to share with you my 15 pictures of it, and I wasn't who I got them.
There were no artistic directors, no exists, no opportunity to repeat the pictures, not even a minimum care in the lighting industry.
In fact, most of them took them random random randomly.
My story begins when, I found myself in New York City to give a lecture, my wife took me this picture holding my daughter in the day of his first birthday. That's the corner of 57 and five percent.
I gave the accident that we went back to New York just a year later, so we decided to take the same picture.
Well, you can imagine what comes now.
When the third birthday of my daughter, my wife said to me, "Why don't you take you to meet New York at a particular trip and the architecture?
This is when we started asking the tourists that were going to take us off the picture.
It's amazing that the gesture of delivering the camera to a complete stranger is so universal.
No one has been denied and, fortunately, no one has ever been with the camera.
So we weren't aware of how much life would change this journey.
It became something sacred for us.
This photo is a few weeks after 9/11, and I had to explain to my daughter what had happened in a way that a five-year-old girl could understand it.
These pictures are much more than a concrete moment or a specific journey.
They're also a way to stop time in a week of October and to make us reflect about our time and our evolution over the years, and not only at physical level, but in all the senses.
Because although we always take the same picture, our perspective changes, my daughter reached up new stories, and I can see life through your eyes and how I perceive and interact with everything.
That time in concrete that we spend together is something we hope for illusion all year.
Recently, in one of the trips -- we were walking down, when all of a sudden, it stopped in dry and pointed out a red colony of the member of dolls that I was describing on previous views.
And I described what had felt at five years of foot in that same place.
I started to remember his heart heart with force to see that place for the first time nine years ago.
And now what I look at in New York are universities, because it's decided to study in New York.
And suddenly I understood that one of the most important things that we create are the memories.
So I want to share the idea of participating in the conscious creation of memories.
I don't know about you, but apart from these 15 pictures, I don't have a lot of family pictures.
I'm always the one who takes the picture.
I want to encourage you all to appear in the picture, and you don't want to get closer to somebody and ask you: Do you get a picture of it?
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you about a very special group of animals.
There are 10,000 species of birds in the world.
The tribes are in the most threatening group group.
First of all, why do they have so bad print?
It has also been associated with Disney laughter senses as a metaphorical characters, stupid characters, stupid characters.
More recently, if you've been following the pink Kenyan press, applause and exciting these are the attributes that associate with the Kenyan parliament -- but I don't accept it.
You don't accept it. You know why?
Because the members of Parliament don't keep the environment in the environment --  The details don't help prevent the spread of disease.
They're just a group.   They're far away from angry.  And my favorite, the buses have better presence --   There are two kinds of tribes on this planet.
There are the New World governments that are largely found in America, like the cancer and the cards, and the beasts of the Old World, where we have 16 species -- from these 16, 11 face a high risk of extinction.
So why are the tribes important? First of all, they provide vital ecological services and even and everyday.
It's our natural garbage records.
They clean the carcasses up to the bone.
They help kill all bacteria. They help absorb the anthrax that not to be for them would be extended and causing huge losses of livestock and diseases in other animals.
Recent studies have shown that in areas where there are no fuel, the carcasses take three to four times more time in reproducing it, and this has huge ramifications in the spread of disease.
The tribes also have huge historical importance.
They've been associated with ancient Egyptian culture.
North was the symbol of the protective and the mother, and along with the goat, they made the unit between the Alter and the Egypt.
In the Indian mythology, Bastian was the baby god and risked his life to save the Rio Richard of the 10-year-old prime.
In the Tibetan culture, you do some very important environmental environments in places like the Tibet -- there's no place to bury the dead, or wood for them, so these tribes provide a natural food system.
What's the problem with the balls?
We have eight species of tribes in Kenya, which six are at extremely threatened anticipation.
The reason is that they're being poisoned -- and the reason they're being poisoned is because there are conflicts between humans and sandwich, the state communities use this venom against predators, and as a consequence, the buses are victims of this.
In South Asia, in countries like India and Pakistan, four species of babies are at the critical list of extinction of extinction, which means that in less than 10 or 15 years will be extinct, and the reason is because they fall out of the winning consumption that has been treated with an academic drug like the Film.
This drug has been banned for veterinary use in India and have taken a painting.
Since there are no big babies, there's been a spread in the number of street dogs in landfill, and when you have dogs dogs -- you have a huge bomb of time for radiation, the number of radiation cases has increased enormously in India.
Kenya is going to have one of the biggest wind parks in Africa, 350 letters are going to be up the Lake Lake lake.
I'm not against wind energy, but we have to work with governments, because wind turbines do this to birds. They cut them in half.
They're birds.
In Western Africa, there is a horrible trade of barriers to serve the supermarket and the lawyers market.
So what are you doing? Well, we're looking at these birds. We're putting them transportation.
We're trying to determine their basic ecology, and see where they go.
We can see that they travel through different countries, so focusing on a totally isn't going to serve anything.
We have to work with governments in regional levels.
We're working with local communities.
We're talking to them about appreciating the babies, about the need to appreciate these wonderful creatures and services that are producing.
How can you help? It can become active, make noise. You can write a letter to your government and tell you, we have to focus on these very interacting creatures and donating your time to spread the word.
When you get out of this room, you're going to tell you about the biologists, but they talk to your families, with your children, with their neighbors on the babies.
They're very elegant. Charles Darwin said that he changed the opinion because he saw them flying without effort, without energy spending in the sky.
Kenya, this world, will be much more poor without these wonderful species.
Thank you very much.
Every thing I do and everything I do present, my life has been molded for seven years of work during my youth in Africa.
From 1979 to 1977, Muslim young -- but I'm not.  I worked in Zambia, Kenya, Ivory State of Maria, Green and Somalia, in terms of technical cooperation with African countries.
I worked for an Italian NGOs, and every project we set up in Africa failed.
And I was surprised.
I thought, at the age of 21, that Italians were good people, and we were doing a good job in Africa.
Instead of that, everything we were able to do.
Our first project, which inspired my first book, "Web "World" -- it was a project where an Italians decided to teach people from Zambia.
So we came with Italian seeds to the south of change to this absolutely magnificent valley that descends to the river River, and we teach local atoms to grow Italian and called and and and and and and ...
Of course, people were not at absolutely interested in doing that, so we paid them to come to work, and sometimes they were not accessing.  We were astonished that local, in so much solid, had no agriculture.
However, instead of asking them how it was possible that we didn't grow anything, we just said, "Thank God we are here."  "I stop time to save the people from "Human brand."
And of course, everything in Africa was grown beautiful.
We got these magnificent shots. In Italy, a tomato would grow this size. In Zambia, this size.
And we couldn't believe it, we were telling the workers: "Look at how easy the farming is.
When the atoms were beautiful, mature and red, at night in the morning, about 200 loans came up from the river and ate everything.  And we said, "Oh my God, we put them down."
And the changes said, "Yes, that's why we don't have agriculture here."  "Why don't they say, "You never say?
I thought we were all Italians made mistakes in Africa, but then I saw what Americans, what the English did, what the French did, and after seeing what they were doing, I felt pretty proud of our project in Zambia.
Because, as you see, at least we feed the loans.
You should see the waste --  -- you should see the waste that we give to the conventional people in Africa.
He wants to read a book, read Death "The "Mantrier of Martin Montana, economists change.
The book was published in 2009.
We have Western donors, we have delivered the African continent two million dollars in the last 50 years.
I'm not going to tell you about the damage that money has caused it.
Just read your book.
Put it from an African woman, the damage we've done.
The Westerners are interactive, controlling missions, and we treat people just in two ways, or the past, or we're strangers.
The two words come from the road rate "Patient's pattern that means power."
However, they mean two different things.
Is a strangers, I treat any of a different culture as if you were my children. "I want a lot of you."
And a parallel past, I treat all of the different culture as if they were my services.
So the white in Africa are called "Greek -- reference.
That book gave me a slap on the face -- "The little thing is "Mantranda: written by Macholika, who said about all economic development, if people don't want to be help, simplest alone.
This should be the first principle of aid.
The first principle of aid is to respect it.
This morning, the gentleman who opened this conference put a button on the ground and said, "Can you imagine a city that isn't confidence?
I decided at 27 years only to respond to people, and I invented a system called Facebook Francisco where you never start anything, you never motivate anyone, but it becomes a service of local passion, the number of local people who have the dream of becoming a better person.
So what does you do? It falls down.
You never get to a community with an idea, and it feels with people in the line.
We don't work from the offices.
We met in a coffee -- we met in a bar.
We have zero infrastructure.
And what do we do? We become friends, and we figure out what the person wants to do.
The most important thing is passion.
You can give you an idea to someone.
If that person doesn't want to do that, what will you do?
The passion that she has for its own growth is the most important thing.
The passion that man has for their own personal growth is the most important thing.
And then we help them find the knowledge, because nobody in the world can succeed alone.
The person with the idea may not have the knowledge, but knowledge is available.
So years and years ago, I had this idea: why not us, for once instead of getting to a community to tell people what to do, why not once we hear them, but not in community meetings.
Let me tell you a secret.
There's a problem with community meetings.
The entrepreneurs are never going to be still, and they will never say, in a public meeting, what they want to do with their own money, which opportunity they've identified them.
So, planning has this blind point.
The smartest people in their community, you don't even know them, because they don't attend their public meetings.
What do we do? We work one to one, and we work face-to-face to face, you have to create a social infrastructure, which doesn't exist.
You must create a new profession.
The profession is the family family of the company, the family family physician that is established with you in your house, at the table of your kitchen table, and that helps him find the resources to transform their passion in a way of making your life.
I started this as a test in Starbuck, city in West Australia.
I was making a Ph.D. at that time, trying to take away from this hidden garbage where we got to tell them what to do.
In one year, I had 27 projects in a march, and the government came to see me to ask, "How can you do that?
How can you do that? And I said, "I did something very, very, very hard.
I stand up and I listened to you.  So --  So the government says, "He says, "He goes back again."  We've done it in 300 communities in the world.
We've helped start 40,000 businesses.
There is a new generation of entrepreneurs that are dying from simplicity.
Peter Redwood, one of the greatest business arms in history, died at '96, a few years ago.
Peter Redwood was philosophy of philosophy before involved in business, and this is what Peter Jerusalem says, "The planning is actually incompatible with a society and an innovative engineering economy.
The planning is the kiss of the death of business spirit.
So now you're now building Christian without knowing what the most state people in Christmas want to do with their own money and their own energy.
You have to learn how to get these people close to talk to you.
You have to offer confidences, privacy, it has to be fantastic when you help them, and then they will be able to get into mass.
In a community of 10,000 people, we got 200 customers.
Can you imagine a community of 400,000 people, intelligence and passion.
What a presentation you have prevented this morning.
Local people. That's what you have played.
So, what I'm telling you is that the entrepreneurial spirit is where it is.
We are at the end of the first industrial revolution -- "No physical functional solution -- and one moment to another, we have systems that are not sustainable.
The internal combustion engine is not sustainable.
The source as a way of holding machinery is not sustainable.
What we need to consider is how we submitter, we cure, we educate, we started transportation, we communicate to seven billion people, in a sustainable way.
There are no technologies to do it.
Who is going to invent technology for green revolution, the universities?
The government? Forget it.
They'll be the entrepreneurs and they're doing it now.
There's a terrible story that I read in a university magazine many years ago.
There was a group of experts who were invited to debate the future of New York City in the year 1860.
And in 1963, this group of people came together and speculating about what would happen to New York City in 100 years, and the conclusion was next -- New York City wouldn't exist within 100 years.
Why? Because they looked at the curve, and they accepted, if the population stays growing up to this rate to move back to the population of New York around them, required six million horses.
They were already getting into manure --  So in 1963, they were asking this dirty technology to destroy the life of New York.
So what happens? Over the next 40 years, in 1900, in the United States appeared 100 company companies.
The idea of finding a different technology was absolutely absorbed and there were very few thermorest, slides, factories in southern places.
Dr. Marian. Henry Ford Chris.
However, there is a secret to work with the entrepreneurs.
First, you have to offer confidence.
Otherwise, they won't come to talk to you.
Then, you have to offer them an absolute thing, dedicated service, a lot.
And eventually, you will have to tell you the truth with regard to understand.
The smallest company, the largest company, has to be able to do three things: the product you want to sell has to be fantastic, you have to count with a fantastic commercial, and you have to count with a fantastic financial management.
Guess what?
We've never met a single human being in the world that can do, sell and look for money alone.
There is no exist.
This is still not born.
We've investigated and looked at the 100 companies of the Carnegie world, Broadcast, David, Fred, all the new companies, Google, Home.
There is only one thing that all the successful companies in the world have in common -- only one: None of it was started by one person.
No word "I "me," but the word "The word "The word us."
He wasn't just when he started.
Nobody starts a company alone. No one.
So we can create the community where we have paradoxically, who come from an environment of small businesses sitting on coffee settings, in bars next to their dedicated dedicated people who are doing for you, what someone did for this gentleman who talks about this perception, someone who would ask you, what does it need?
What can you do? Can you do it?
Well, can you sell it? Can you look for the book?
"Oh, no, I can't do that." "I want you to look for anybody?
We activate communities.
Thank you.
Those of us who surround us can help us in many ways to improve our lives.
We don't know all the neighbors, so we don't change a lot of knowledge despite sharing the same public spaces.
In the last few years, I've tried to share more with my neighbors in public space, with simple tools like antibiotics, transportation and chalk.
These projects came from questions like, how much pay my neighbors for their dots?
How can we press and ask for more things without calling the door in a bad time?
How do we share more memories of our abandoned buildings and understand our landscape better?
How do we share our hopes to the empty stores so that our communities can reflect today our needs and dreams of dreams of dreams.
I live in New Orleans, and I'm in love with New Orleans.
My soul always finds relief with the giant wires that give shadows to teachers, bottom and search for centuries and confidence in a city.
And there is a New Orleans.  So the city has one of the most beautiful architecture in the world, but also one with the largest number of American properties in America.
I live near this house and I thought how I could turn it into a more enjoyable space for the neighborhood and also in something that changed my life forever.
In 2009, I lost somebody who loved a lot.
It was John, as a mother to me.
His death was sudden and unexpected death.
I thought a lot about death and so much.
And this produced me a profound gratitude for living time.
It gave clarity to the significant things of my life today.
But I hear about keeping this look in my everyday life.
It seems to me that it's easy to be able to catch out the day to day and forget what's really important for you.
So with the help of old and new friends transformed the wall of this house abandoned in a giant board and painted on her to come and put it to her to come and start "I want to say."
So the states could take a thing, reflect about their lives and sharing personal aspirations in public space.
I didn't know what to expect from this experiment, but the next day the wall was filled and kept dying.
And I'd like to share some things that people wrote on the wall.
"Before I die I want to be played by "The "for "The "for "The "for "The "for "The "for "The "for "The "for "The "for "The "for "The "for "The "for "The "for "The "for "The "for "The "for "The "for "The "for "The "for "The "for "The "for "The "for "The "for "The "for "The "for "The "for "The "for "The "for "The "for "The "for "The "for "The
Before I die I want to sing for millions of people."
"Before I die I want to plant a tree."
"Before I die I want to live outside the world."
Before I die, I want to talk to you one more time.
"Before I die I want to go to the rescue of someone.
"Before I die I want to be completely myself."
This abandoned space became constructive and dreams and hopes of people who made me laugh at concert, broken me, and they gave me comfort at hard times.
It's about knowing that you're not alone. It's about understanding our neighbors in new ways and explorations. It's about giving the reflection and the continuity, and to remember what is the most important thing for us as we grow and change.
This happened last year and started getting hundreds of messages of passionate people who wanted to make a wall in their community.
So with my civic center colleagues we did a kit and now have been done in countries around the world, like Alama, South Africa, Australia, Argentina and beyond.
Together, we demonstrate the power of our public spaces if they give us the opportunity to express and share each other.
Two of the most valuable things we have are time and our relationships with other people.
In our age of distractions increasing, it's more important than ever, finding ways of preserving perspective and remembering that life is short and addition.
Death is something that we often avoid talking about, or even thinking, but I understood that we're going to prepare for death is one of those things that trust us more power.
Think about the death of our life.
Our shared spaces can reflect better what matters as individuals and as community and more media to share hope, fear and stories, the people around us cannot help us improve places, can help improve our lives.
Thank you.
Thank you.
I have a single request today.
Please don't tell me I'm normal.
Now I'd like to introduce you to my brothers now.
Richard is 22 years old, it's high and very much.
It doesn't speak -- but it makes joy better than some of the best speakers.
And it remembers what love.
I share it internationally passes what happens.
It's not funny. It doesn't look at the color of the skin.
They don't care about religious differences and think about this: Never lie.
When I sing the songs of our childhood, trying to figure out words that I couldn't even remind myself, I remember one thing: how little we know about the mind and how wonderful it should be known.
Samuel is 16 years old. It's high. It's very light.
It puts the most unlikely memory.
However, it's a selective memory.
I didn't remember if I stole my chocolate, but I remember the year when I came out every song of my iPod -- conversations that we kept when I was four years old, I stood on my arm during the first episode of the Gulf and the computers of Lady Galiliey.
Doesn't it look amazing?
But most people disagree with it.
And in fact, because their minds don't fit at the concept of normal norms of society, they're often ignored and understood.
But the thing that propelled my heart and my soul was that even if that was the case, even though they wouldn't consider them inside the ordinary thing, that could only mean one thing: that they were extraordinary.
Now, for those less familiar with the term "Man: it's a complex brain disorder affecting social communication, learning and sometimes to physical skills.
In each individual in each individual in each individual in the individual way, it's so different from Sam as different to Sam.
And all over the world, every 20 minutes, is diagnosed by a new case of autism, and even though it's one of the disorders of development that fast increases in the world, there is no cause any known cause.
I don't remember my first encounter with autism, but I don't remember one day without it.
I had only three years when my brother came to the world, and I was very excited about having a new being in my life.
When a few months, I realized that he was different.
It took a lot.
I didn't want to play like the other babies, and in fact, it didn't seem very interested at me.
I went back alive and sent in his own world, with his own rules, and I found pleasure in the smallest things, like putting the cars in row around the room, looking at the washing machine and eat anything that would be between media.
As I grew up, it became more different, and the differences were getting smarter.
But beyond the neurologists, frustration and interesting architecture, there was something really unique -- a pure nature and innocent nature, a child who saw the world without prejudice.
And amazing.
I can't deny that there have been some tough moments in my family, moments where I wish they were just like me.
But I look back to the things that have taught me about individuality, communication and love, and I realize that they're things that wouldn't want to change for normal.
Matter happens by high beauty that gives us the differences and the fact of being different doesn't mean that some of them is wrong.
It only means that there's a different view of what's right.
If I could convey one thing to Rome and Sam and you, it would be that they don't have to be normal.
They can be extraordinary.
Because, autistic or not, the differences we have -- are a content. Each of us has a gift inside, and honestly, the pursuit of normal.
The opportunity for greatness and progress and change dies at the time we try to be like others.
Please don't tell me I'm normal.
Thank you.
Five years ago, I experienced a little what must have been Alice in the Pacific country.
Penn State asked me, a communications teacher, which would give a class of communication to engineering students.
I was scared.  Really. So scared of these students with their big minds, his big books and his big books and unknown words.
But when you develop those conversations, I felt what Alice must have felt like when I fell through the bottom of the rabbit and saw the door of a new world.
And so I just felt when I had those conversations with students, and they surprised me the ideas they had, and I wanted others to experience this wonderful world.
And I think the key to open that door is a great communication.
We desperately need a great communication of our scientists and engineers with the end of changing the world.
Our scientists and engineers are the ones that are attacking our biggest challenges from energy to environment and health care, among others, and if we don't know about this, the work isn't done, and I think it's our responsibility as not scientists having these interactions.
But these big conversations cannot happen if our scientists and engineers don't invite us to see their wonderful world.
So scientists and engineers, please make them sort of simple.
I want to share some suggestions about how you can do it to make sure that we can see that your science is sexy and that your engineering is attractive.
First question to say, and then what?
Tell us why science is relevant to us.
Don't tell us just that you study the projects, but they study the projects, which are the mesh structure of our bones because it's important to understand and treat resources.
And when you're describing their science, care with the generation.
Shame is a obstacle for our ideas of their ideas.
Sure, you can say, "Change and "Telescope," but why don't I say space and time that is much more accessible to us?
Make them accessible is not the same thing to make them happy.
Instead, as Einstein said, that everything is as simple as possible, but not simple.
They can clearly communicate your science without buying the ideas.
Something to consider is to use examples, stories and analogies -- they're ways of adapting and engage with their content.
And by presenting his work, forget about the signs of the ball."
You have wondered why they're called balls?  What do you do the battles? The bullets kill and kill their presentation.
A film like this is not just boring, but it supports too much in the area of our brain and in our brain.
Instead, this example of example of Virgin Brown is much more effective -- shows that the special structure of the players is so strong that it really inspired the unique design of the Eiffel Tower Britain.
The trick here is to use a simple sentence, blind that the audience can understand if you lose a little bit, and then provide graphics that smell our other senses and create a deeper sense of understanding than you describe to you.
I think these are just some key ones that can help others open the door and look at the country of wonders that are science and engineering.
And so scientists, scientists and engineers, when they have solved this equation, all over the media, with simple.  Thank you.
One of my favorite words of all of the dictionary English dictionary is "a "Nobal Industry.
Just because it sounds very well.
And "The shot means "The political "service?"
Although there was a journalistic editor of the 19th century that he defined it much better when he said, "A "Get is what it looks for a public charge no matter or platform or beginning, and that, when you win, you get it for the mere search of a favorite record monkey.
I have no idea what it means "for "The research."
Something to do with words, I guess.
It's very important that words are the basis in politics, and that all politicians know they have to try to dominate the language.
It wasn't until for example, and for example, Kathway that the British Parliament.
And all of this was because of the bravery of a guy with the name of Brazil Christians, who confronted Parliament at the Mortal.
They took him in the London tower and commissioned him, but he had enough courage to face them, and at the end of it had such a popular support in London that won.
And just a few years later, we had the first use of the phrase of the phrase "That's "The "Facebook "so "That's "The status."
Most people think it's literature.
It's not. It's because of the freedom of expression.
But to show you how words and politics interact, I want you to go back to the United States, just after the independence.
So they had to address the question of how to call George Washington, his leader.
They didn't know.
How do you call the leader of a Republican country?
This was debate in Congress for a long time.
They presented all kinds of suggestions that might have been effectively.
Some people wanted to call it "The Stanford State State and others, "The Atlantic George Bank, and other Department of the American American Americans.
Not very stress.
Some just wanted to call it "The "The "The "The things that they wanted to call it "The "member: "Oh."
They thought it was a quality of quality.
And even though they were monomolanoles, they had the idea that you could be elected King for a certain term.
And I could have served it.
Everybody gets tired of it, because this debate has been transported for three weeks.
I read the newspaper of a poor marriage, and he always wrote, "I still have this text to this."
What caused the cost and the thing was that the House of representatives was against the Senate.
The Mount House didn't want Washington to talk about power.
They didn't want to call it King for if he gave him to him or his supply ideas.
So they wanted to give it the most modest title and more intensive and more likely that it occurred to them.
And that title was "The "science?"
President. They didn't invent the title. There was just before, but it just meant somebody who sees a "men's born."
It was like the president of a jury.
And I didn't have much more great than the term or "Property point.
There were violent presidents of small colonial issues and government governments, but it was really a successful title.
And that's why the Senate moves.
They said, "It's ridiculous, we can't call it President.
"This guy has to sign treated and get together with foreign discovery.
"And who will take it in a serious title and incredible title as President of the United States?
And finally, after three weeks of debate, the Senate did not happen.
We can learn three interesting things about all this.
First of all, and this is my favorite to where I've been able to find out, the Senate has never really been referred to the title of President.
President Barack Obama has lucky to keep out there, waiting for the Senate between action.
The second thing we can learn is that when a government says that a measure is temporary --  -- it's possible to keep waiting for 23 years more.
But the third thing we can learn, and this is the most important, and with this, I want to leave you -- is that the U.S. President title doesn't sound at all.
Especially if you have more than 5,000 nuclear heads and the largest economy in the world and a fleet of anti-to-day vehicles and so on.
The reality and history has led to the title of great.
So at the end of the sense.
They got their title.
And also the other concern of the Senate, the appearance of sexualities, well, it was a uniqueness by then.
But you know how many nations you have now interest?
And all because they want to sound like the guy who has the 5,000 nuclear heads, etc.
So at the end of the Senate, the Senate Mandela and the Mall House lost, because no one is going to feel humility when you tell them they're now the President of America.
And I think that's the great lesson that we can learn, and that I would like to leave you.
Politicians try to choose and use the words to shape and control reality, but really, the manufacturing reality much more words than what they might change reality.
Thank you very much.
I'm 45 to feet under land in a illegal mine in Ghana.
The air is loaded from heat and dust, and it's hard to breathe.
I feel the rock of dark bodies in the dark, but I can't see much more.
I hear voices that talk about, but, especially that little male of male male and stones that are related to primitive tools.
Like others, I took a cheap light of light in the head of the head with this static station, and I can barely distinguish the branches of that hole of that hole that drops hundreds of feet on the ground.
My hand, and suddenly I remember a minute I met days before, which lost the control and fell out countless feet in that area.
As I talk to you today, these men are at the depths of that hole risked their lives without paying or reward and often dying.
I came out of that hole and I went home, but they may never do it, because they are pressure of slavery.
In the last 28 years, I was documenting native cultures in over 70 countries in six continents, and in 2009, I had the great honor to be the only search on the Peace of Mary Mars.
Among all the amazing people I met there I met a integration of Freedom the Sunday, a NGOs who are dedicated to eradicate modern slavery.
We started talking about slavery and, really, I started learning about slavery because I knew that there was in the world, but not such a degree.
When we finished talking to me very much, I was constantly embarrassed to ignore this age of our days and thought, if I don't know, how many people don't know?
He made me a seat of the stomach, and weeks later, I flew to Los Angeles to meet the director of Freedom the South African and offer my help.
It started my journey to modern slavery.
Interestingly, I'd been in many of these places.
Some of them even consider them my second home.
But this time, I would encourage dirty degrees.
A conservative calculation says that there are now over 27 million displaced people in the world.
It's twice the number of Africans displaced throughout the entire deal of essentially employee.
150 years ago the cost of a farmer slave was about three times the annual salary of a U.S. worker.
The equivalent of about 50,000 today.
However, today you can apply to entire families by legitimate debt generations.
Surprisingly, slavery generates more than nine billion dollars a year around the world.
Many have been fooled with false promises of good education and better work to find that they're forced to work without pay, under threat threat and cannot escape.
Today, slavery operates in commercial -- goods produced by slaves have value, but who produce them are responsible.
slavery exists in most of the world, and yet it's illegal around the world.
In India and Nepal, I met the lower longer.
This weird and formidable show was like entering the old Egypt or the Anderson of Three.
Infrasted in a temperature of 54 men, men, women, children, in fact, experimental families wrapped in a heavy proposition of dust, and they stack the mechanically bricks in their heads, until 18 at the same time, and take them from the anti-term furnaces to trucks that are hundreds of feet.
They started by the monster and the advancement work in silence, doing this task again and again for 16 or 17 hours a day.
There was no pause to eat, not to drink, and the severe depression made that pee was quite incredibly.
So protected was the heat and the dust that my camera became too hot to the touch and stopped working.
Every 20 minutes I had to run the car to clean the team and make it work with air conditioning to survive it, and sitting there, I thought, my camera gets a much better treatment than these people.
Back in the furnaces I wanted to cry, but the trenditor who was on my side quickly grabbed me and said, "Lingol, don't do it. Don't do it here."
And it explained to me very clearly that demonstrate emotions is very dangerous in places like this, not just for me but for them.
I couldn't offer any direct aid.
I couldn't give you money, nothing.
I wasn't a citizen of that country.
I could put them in a worse situation than they already were.
I had to rely on Freedom the Stanford and working inside the system for his release, and I trust you would get it.
In terms of me, I waited to get home to feel my heart heart.
In the Himalayas, I found kids running rocks for miles by mountain stress to trucks that were waiting down.
Those large sheets were more heavy than the kids who were saving them and children were holding them into their heads with homemade streets made of sticks, ropes and facts.
It's hard to show up something so overwhelmed.
How can we influence something that interested, but so interesting?
Some of you don't even know that they're slaves -- and they work 16 or 17 hours a day without pay, because this has been this whole life.
They have nothing to compare it.
And when these villagers had collected their freedom, the slaves.
When we hear the word we often think of sexual trafficking, and because of this global consciousness, I was given to be hard for me to work with security in this particular business.
In Kanzi I was sent to women who had been previously slavery.
I was driven by some statistical stairs that were giving this filthy basement of sense of fluorescent light.
It wasn't exactly a gravity.
It was rather a restaurant.
So in controller, as you know in the office, they're local for forced prostitution.
They have small rooms -- private rooms -- where the markets with their girls and children, some of just seven years -- they're forced to train customers and encourage them to buy more food and alcohol.
Every single dot is dark and dirty -- identified by a number painted on the wall and divided by a biomass and a curtain.
Workers often suffer sexual abuse by hands of their clients.
From foot in the surface, I remember having felt a solid acute fear and, in that instant, I could barely imagine what should be stuck in that hell.
I just had a sale -- the stairs where he came in.
There were no door doors.
There was no window long enough to climb up.
Those people don't have any collection, and since we play a subject so hard, it's important to point out that slavery even sexual trafficking, happens around us.
There are hundreds of people who are paralyzed in agriculture, in restaurants.
Recently, the New York Times reported that between 100,000 and 300,000 children are sold every year as sex slaves.
It happens everywhere, but we don't see it.
The textile is another activity that we often relate to slave labor.
I visited Indian villages in which there were families that were explosive in the trade trade.
This is a family pain.
The hands of black people are the father, the blue and red, from their children.
Looking at seatbelts in these large slums and dip the silk in the liquid to the elbow, but the texture is toxic.
My interpretation told me their stories.
"We don't have a brain." They said.
We still hope, though, being able to get out of this house someday and go to another place where we really pay our work."
It's estimated that there are more than 4,000 slavery children in the lake, the largest artificial lake in the world.
When we arrived, I went to take a quick look.
I saw what seemed to be a fishermen family on a boat, two older brothers, some younger children -- makes sense right?
error. They were all slaves.
Children are separated from their family landscapes, disappeared.
This child is eight years old.
When our boat became able to be shifted, he feared that his little canoe was supposed.
I was paralyzed by the fear of falling into water.
The branches of the trees in the lake in the lake are often catching networks and children, little little things and really short to the water to break out the branches.
Many of them are drowning in.
Since I remember, it's always been forced to work on the lake.
For fear of his love is not going to flee and, as all life has been treated with his humanity, it is currently treated by the youngest slaves under their hands.
I met these guys at five in the morning, when they were lifted out of the last five o'clock networks, but they had been working from a single one.
It was at night and windy night.
And it can point out that these networks weigh over 400 pounds when they're full of fish.
I want to introduce you to Koryan.
Kofi was rescued in a portical village.
I met him in a refuge where "The Starlisi Law of slavery.
Robert symbolizes the possible.
Who will be because someone decided to make the difference in their life?
driving by a road in Ghana with Los Southern partners -- the Sun company with his car suddenly accelerate and robot our car and played the window.
He asked us to keep it on a road road to the jungle.
At the end of the way, we went out of the car, and asked the driver to go quickly.
Then I pointed out this silent service and said, "This is the path -- this is the road. Come on.
As we started to go down, we removed the authorities that blocked the road, and after walking about an hour we found that the road was attached by the recent rain, so I put the photo team on my head as we go down in these waters to the chest.
After two hours of walk, the nanometer ended up brutally in a clear, and we had a mass of holes that could fit on a football field, and they were all full of slave workers.
A lot of women had children tied on their backs, and while they were looking for gold -- they walked in water with mercury suggests.
The resource is used in the process of extraction.
These miners are actually enslaved in one piece of Ghana.
When they came out of the boat they were packed in their own sweat.
I remember looking at his heads tired, risk, because many had been under land for 72 hours.
The pits have up to 90 feet and these people carry heavy bags of stone that then will be transported to another area where they will kill the stone to extract the gold.
First of all, the site seems to be filled with strong men and generous men, but if you look closer to the margin we see to work at least self-employed and also children.
They're all victims of injury and disease and violence.
In fact, it's very likely that this muscle ends up like this victim of tuberculosis and control in a few years.
This is Mandela. When his father died, his uncle took him to work with him in mines.
When you die his uncle, Maria inherit the debt of the uncle that force it to be slave in mines.
When I met it, I had worked in the mines 14 years and the lesion of the leg that you see here is a product of an accident on the mine, so severe that doctors said it should be computer.
In addition to that, Manijican has tuberculosis, and it's forced to work night and day on that mine.
Yet, he dream of being released and educated with local activists like Freedom the Stanford and this kind of determination, from face to a remote possibility, which inspires me a lot of respect.
I want to throw light on slavery.
They knew that their images would be seen for you all over the world.
I wanted you to know that we will be able to take testimony from them and we'll do everything possible to help change their lives.
I honestly believe that if we can see each other as human beings, then it becomes very difficult to tolerate atrocities like slavery.
These images are not researchers. They're real people, real people, like you, who deserve the same rights, dignity and respect in their lives.
There's no day that I don't think of these so many beautiful people, strategically, that I've had the great honor to know.
I hope that these images will wake up a force in which you see them in people like you, and I hope that that force is going to turn out a fire and that that fire shine light on slavery because, without that light, the beast of slavery can continue to live in the shadows.
Thank you very much.
I do mathematics applied and there's a peculiar problem for whom it does, we are like management drivers.
Nobody knows what the hell we do.
So I'm going to try and explain to you what I do.
dance is one of the most human activities.
They stop the sales of the ballet and the calculation dancers --  that we'll see later.
But the ballet demands a degree of extraordinary training, a high level of skill and probably some initial attitude that can well have a genetic component.
Unfortunately, neurological disorders like Parkinson's Parkinson's disease, gradually destroy this extraordinary ability, as it does with my friend Jon Building who, in his time, was a sanitary dancing sandwich.
In the last few years, it's been very progress in treatment.
However, there are 13 million people in the world who are sick, and they have to deal with an incurable weakness and they have to deal with an incurable weakness and the regulation and other symptoms of this disease, so we need objective tools to detect the disease before it's too late.
We need to be able to measure progress in objective ways, and ultimately, the only way we will know if there is really a cure to be when we have a very objective and serious metric.
But it's frustrating that for Parkinson's and other disorders of the movement there are no biological markers -- so they don't serve blood analysis and the best thing we have is a neurological exam of 20 minutes.
You have to go to a clinic to do it. It's very, very expensive, and that means that, outside the clinical trials, never done.
What if patients could do it at home?
That would save a difficult journey to clinic. What if patients could do the exam themselves.
You wouldn't need personal.
By the way, it costs about 300 dollars in the neurological clinic.
So what I want to give you as a way I'm not conventional to try to try it, you see, in some sense at least, we're all serious like my friend Jon Billier.
This is a video of the vibration.
It shows somebody healthy as it emits sound when you speak. We can imagine as dancers of a vocal ballet because we have to coordinate all those vocal organs to produce sounds and we all have the genes needed. The Robert for example.
And like the ballet requires an extraordinary training level.
Let's think about time that brings a child learning to speak.
From sound, we can track the position of vocal strings as they vibrate and as the Parkinson's affects the disabled, also affects the vocal organs.
In the bottom of the bottom you can see an example of designing the vocal strings of vocal ropes.
We see the same symptoms.
They shake vocal and weakness and rich.
The speech becomes more quiet and spending after a while, and this is an example of symptoms.
How do you compare these based tests in the voice with specialized clinical trials -- well, both of them are not invention.
The neurological test is not invasive -- both use existing infrastructure.
You don't need to design a whole series of hospitals to do it.
Both of them are accurate. Well, but also the bombs based on voice are not emphasias.
I mean, they can be autonomous.
They do very quickly, they take about 30 seconds as a lot.
They're common cost, and we all know what happens.
When something gets a cost so low, it appears to mass scale.
These are some amazing goals to address it.
We can reduce the genetic difficulties of patients.
I wouldn't need to go to the clinic for the routine card.
With high frequencies, we could get objective data.
We could do massive low cost cartoons for clinical trials, and for the first time, special shortcuts on general scale.
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first markets of disease before it's too late.
So when I give you today the first steps in that sense, we're launching the Amazon Cannitan initiative.
Together to Capital and Letting, we want to record a lot of voices around the world to collect enough data and start to address these goals.
We have accessible local lines for about 750 million people in the world.
Either one, with or without Parkinson's, can call the low price and leave recordings for a few cents, and I'm pleased to announce that we've reached six percent of the goal in just eight hours.
Thank you.   Tom Rielly: So Mammon, taking all these samples of, say, 10,000 people, you can say who is healthy and who doesn't?
What will you take out of these displays?
Max Leads -- yes, yeah. What happens is that during the call you have to indicate whether you have or not the disease. TR: Sure.
LM: You see, some people may not pass it. You may not finish it.
But we're going to get a very large sample of data collected in different circumstances, and do it in different circumstances is important because we're looking at taking care of the confusion factors in search for the actual markers of disease.
TR: Do you have about 86 percent accuracy right now?
MM: Much more than that.
Actually, my student Americans, I have to publish it, has done a fantastic job, and now it has shown that it works on the mobile phone network as well, what the project is doing now is 99 percent accuracy as well.
TR: Neighborhood and nine. Well, it's a improvement.
MM: Absolutely.
TR: Thank you very much. Max Lesterland, public.
MM: Thank you, I took up.
Before March 2011, I made photographs in New York City.
We are flower creatures, gray creatures.
We hide in the dark, in fourth rooms, and usually we avoid sunlight.
We make the thin models, even more skinny, the perfect skin even more perfect -- we do the impossible, possible and criticize ourselves in the press all the time, but some of us are really artist artist with many years of experience and a true taste for images and photography by pictures.
On March 11, 2011, I saw from my house, just like the rest of the world, the tragic events that happened in Japan.
A few time later, an organization where it was voluntary -- there Canadas Volunteers, was in the place working as part of the answer.
I, together with hundreds of other volunteers we knew we couldn't stay at home, so I decided to join the group for three weeks.
On May 13, I traveled to Oberrang.
It's a small town of fishermen located at the Particle of Seven of nearly 50,000 people, one of the first towns affected by the wave.
The water level recorded over 24 feet tall and over three miles land inside.
As you can imagine, the town was developed.
We took rubble from the canals and the bands.
We cleaned schools. We take the sludge and leave the houses ready to be return and rehabilitation.
We took tons of lifestyle and permanent fish tons of the local factory.
We went through and loved it.
For weeks, both volunteers like neighbors found similar things.
They found pictures and pictures of photos and camera and camera cards and cards.
Everybody did the same thing.
They will pick them up and take them into different places of the villages around them to save them.
It wasn't until then, I realized that those pictures represented a huge part of the personal losses that people had suffered to.
As they were fleeing the wave, and to save their lives, they had to leave absolutely everything they had.
At the end of my first week, I started to help myself in a space center center.
It helped clean the communal bathrooms the enormous bands, the huge babies.
This place turned out to be also the place of the village where the center of education has broken the photos.
There were the honor and I had the honor that that day will trust me to clean the photos.
This was exciting and antibiotics, he had heard the expression to think beyond the attributes, but it wasn't until they were to structure myself my horizons that something happened.
When you look at the pictures, I found some that had more than a hundred years old, some of them were still in the lab of the lab, I couldn't help to be able to think like recording how to fix that traits and repair that stranger, and I met hundreds of people who could do the same thing.
So that night entered Facebook contact with some of them, and the next morning the answer was so overwhelming and positive and I knew we had to try.
So we started to pick up the photos.
This was the first of all.
It wasn't too structured, but where the water had selected the face of the girl had to deal with a lot of precision and red.
Otherwise, that little girl would not have the aspect of it, and that would be as tragic as having the structure of it.
Over time passed, they came up with more destructions and they needed more retinding so that he entered Facebook and Kennedy and five days later 80 people from 12 countries were offered to help.
Within two weeks I had 150 wishes to join me.
In Japan, in July, we moved to Street, a neighborhood town north of Alabama.
Once a week we were using our scanner in the temporary photographic libraries that had been translated, where people were going to reclaim their photos.
The time they were trying to train them is a different story, depending on the surface of the photos.
I could make an hour. I could make a few weeks.
I could make months.
This little boy had to draw practically by hand using as the areas whose color and detail had not destroyed water.
It took a long time.
The water destroyed all these pictures underwater in salt water, covered from bacteria, with algae, even with oil, all of that with the time of time continues to destroy them, so clean it by hand was an important part of the project.
We couldn't catch the picture unless it was clean, dry and had been rewarded by his owner owner.
We had luck with the benefit by hand.
We count with the guidance of an amazing neighbors.
It's very easy to give the pictures even more days.
As the leader of my group is like making a tattoo.
You can't make mistakes.
The woman who brought us these pictures was lucky in relation to photos.
He had started cleaning them up, but he stopped to realize that I gave them even more.
It also had doubled.
Without them, the images of their husband and their own face would not have been able to control, we could undermine the images in one photo and reveal the full picture.
When he picked up his pictures shared some of his story with us.
A few colleagues of his husband found the pictures in a firemen station between the rubble rather far from where he used to be his house, but his colleagues acknowledged it.
The day of tsunami, her husband was the lead of closing the barriers to the wave.
He had to go inside the water while the Taliban sounds.
His small children, not so small now, but his two children were in school, in different school.
One of them was trapped in the water.
It took a week to find all his family and know that they all survived.
The day he gave her pictures his child under 14 years.
For her, despite all of this, those pictures were the best gift I could do -- something he could go back to look, something that he could remember from the past that had not been labeled by that day of March when everything in his life changed or was destroyed.
After six months in Japan 1,100 volunteers had joined there, Handel hundreds of them were helped to clean out more than 1,000 photos -- the big majority -- -- the vast majority came back in hand from their owners important.
Over 500 volunteers around the world helped us to return to 90 families hundreds of completely replaced and retirement.
During this time, we don't really spend more than 1,000 in teams and materials, most of ink for printer.
We take pictures constantly.
A picture is a memory of someone or something, a place, a relationship, someone wanted to.
These are guess of our memories and stories, the last thing we would take but the first thing we would look for.
And about this was the project, to restore small pieces of humanity, to return to someone their connection to the past.
When a picture like this comes back to somebody, it makes a huge difference in the life of the person who receives it.
This project also made a big difference in the life of the reports.
Some of them were connected to something larger, to return something, using their talent to something that are not frozen models of perfect skin.
I would like to read this email -- I sent it to me the day I came back from Japan after six months.
As I recognized, I couldn't help you think about people and stories in the images.
One in particular, a picture with women of different ages from the grandmother to the small child, gathered around a baby, moved to me, because a similar picture of my family my grandmother, my mother, I and my nitical single daughter hangs out of our wall.
In the entire world, in all the time our basic needs are the same, right?
Thank you.
Just person inspired us awe and curiosity.
But now, 50 years later, we can go a million times faster and see the world not to a million or a billion frames per second.
I show you a new kind of photograph -- the flowing -- a new technique so fast that it can create videos in slow motion.
And with that, we can create cameras that can see after the funds, beyond the vision line, or see the interior of the body without using X-rays, and really defy the idea of camera.
If I take a laser laser and put it into a second of a second or whatever, in several seconds to create a photo package of just a millimeter wide.
And that package of pictures, that ball, travel at the speed of light, and again, a million times faster than a common balance.
If you take that balance and this package of photons and we shoot in this bottle, how do those photons look like?
What's the aspect of light in slow camera?
Now, all of this --   remember, that all of this is actually happening in less than a second one is what it takes to travel the light.
But this video is 10 billion times slower so you can see light in motion.
Coca-Cola, I didn't have this research.  It happens a lot of things in this film -- to give you this information to show what's going on.
The pulse, our bullet goes into the bottle with a package of photons that starts to go through it, and that, inside, starts to respond.
Part of the light is filtered, goes on the table, and we started seeing these products.
Many of the photons finally come to the lid and explode in various directions.
As you can see, there's a air bubble that bounces inside the inside.
In that time, waves travel through the table, and because of the reflection of the top you see in the bottom of the bottle, after several squares that the reflect will concentrate themselves.
Now, if we take a common and current bullet and we make it back the same distance and we see it in a slow camera to about 10 billion times -- how much do you think that would take us to see that film?
One day? A week? Actually, a whole year.
It would be a very boring movie --  of a slow bullet motion.
And what about trying to try with dead nature?
You can see the waves that get rid of the table, the tomato and the bottom wall.
It's like throwing a stone in a pond.
It's the way nature painted a picture, I thought, from a computer at a time, but of course, our eyes see an integral composition.
But if you look at one more time, you realize that, as the light is being made out of the tomato -- it's just brilliant. It doesn't concept.
Why? Because the tomato is mature and the light on its interior, and it comes back after several billions of seconds.
In the future, when this metaphor is in their cell phone, you can go to the supermarket and verify whether the fruit is not having to touch it.
Why do we create this camera at MIT for?
As a photographer, you know, if you take a picture at low exposure, it enters very little light.
But we're going to get a billion times faster than the shortest exhibition -- so I just go into some light.
We sent that battle, that photo package millions of times, and we recorded over and over again with a very subjective antibiotics, we took those data gigabytes and we trained them collectively to create those computers that I showed you.
We can take all of those data in crude and process them very interesting.
Superman can fly.
Other heroes can become invisible.
What if a new power of a superhero future would allow you to see after the leaders?
The idea is that we could throw some light over the door. To bounce it into the room, a part is going to reflect on the door, and from there to the camera.
Where we could extract those multiple light reforms.
It's not science fiction. We've built it.
On the left, it's our memory.
Behind the wall there is a maneuver and we'll bounce the light on the door.
After the publication of our article in Nature Somewhener.
And a small fraction of the photons coming back to the camera, but interestingly, in slightly different times.
And as we have a camera that works like this, our metaphor, has unique capacities alone.
It has very good temporal resolution and you can look at the world at the speed of light.
So we know the distances to the door and also to the hidden objects, but we don't know how much point it responds to what distance.
When you project a laser, you can record a picture, which, you see on the screen, it doesn't really make any sense.
But we will take a lot of images like this, tens of images, will we put them together and try to analyze the multiple light bottles, and with that, we can see the hidden object?
Can we see it in 3D?
This is our recording.
We have things for exploring before we pull this out of the lab, but in the future, we could create cars that avoid collision with what is around the curve.
Or we could look for survivors in dangerous conditions, looking at the light reflected by open windows.
Or we could build the ability to see the inside of the body holding sharks, and the same thing for contractions.
But of course, because of the fabric and the blood -- this is quite difficult, so actually this is a asked for scientists to start thinking about fishermen as a new visualization of visualization to solve the health care problems of the next generation.
So as Ted PowerPoint, he himself was a scientist, turned science into art, an art of protected photographs.
I realized that all the data geometries that we collected each time are not just for scientific visualizations, but we can.
Build a new form of computing computing with slow camera and color code.
And we look at those waves. Remember, the time between each of those waves is just a few billions of seconds.
But here is something fun.
If you look at the waves under the lid, you get away from us.
The waves should move towards us.
What happens here?
It turns out, as we're recording almost at the speed of light, we have strange effects. And Einstein would have loved to see this picture.
The order that events are happening in the world sometimes it appears to the camera.
By applying the corresponding information of space and time, we can correct this distortion of it.
It's already time. Thank you.
Hello. This is my mobile phone.
A cell can change life, and it gives you individual freedom.
With a cell phone can photograph a crime against humanity in Syria.
With a mobile cell phone, you can take a message and start a protest in Egypt.
With a cell phone, you can record a song, put it to Southern Anderson and make it famous.
This is all possible with a cell phone.
I'm a 1985 Chinese child in the city of Berlin.
Let's go back to that moment, to this city.
Here you can see hundreds of thousands of people who were trying to look for a change.
This is 1989. Imagine if all of these people gathered that they protest in search for a change, they had a cell phone in the pocket.
Who of the present is a cell phone here?
Get them up.
They raise their mobile phones, you get them down."
Get it. A Android, a Street," "Google."
It's a lot. Almost everybody today has a cell phone.
But today I'm talking about me, from my cell phone, and how life changed me.
I'm going to talk about this.
These are 35 lines of information.
Online data data.
Why is that information there?
Because in the summer of 2006, the Commission of the E.U. presented a direction.
The Darine Darwin Office Darwin.
This bike says that every European company, every Internet Internet Internet Internet has to store a wide range of information from users.
Who calls who, who sends a email to who, who sends a email to it.
Who sends a text to the who.
And if we use the mobile phone, where we are.
All of this information is stored at least six months, and until two years, in its phone company or your Internet profession.
And all over Europe people stood up and said, "We don't want this."
They said they didn't want this data process.
We want the training in the digital age, and we don't want the phone phone phones and Internet suppliers to store all this information on us.
There were controlled, journalists -- everybody said, "We don't want this."
And here you can see about 10,000 people who went to the streets of Berlin and said, "Library, don't close."
And some of them even said this would be the Three States.
The Starrs was the secret police of Germany.
And I also wondered if this works.
Can you store all this information on us?
Any time I use the mobile phone?
So I asked my phone Texas, "Heylogily Leviat, who at that time was the largest telephone company in Germany, which please would send me all the information they had on me.
I asked them once, and I was going to ask them, and I didn't get a concrete answer. It was all blah blah.
But then I said, I want to have this information because you're sharing my life.
So I decided to start a judicial demand because I wanted to have this information.
But Dancy Telescope said no, we won't give you this information.
At the end, we signed a agreement.
I would remove the demand and they would send me the information I could.
Meanwhile, the General constitutional Court failed the institution for the German law of the E.U.
So I got this cold over brown with a CD inside.
And in the CD there was this.
Thirty and five thousand and five thousand anti-term lines.
At the beginning I saw them and I said, well, it's a huge file. Okay.
But after a while, I realized that it's my life.
There are six months of my life in this archive.
I was a little bit skeptical, what should I do with that?
Because you can see where I am, where the night, what I'm doing.
But then I said, I want this information to come out.
I want to make it public.
Because I want to show people what data retrieval means.
So, next to Sea Angele and Park City, we did this.
This is a six-year-old visualization of my life.
You can zoom and zoom in, go back and forward.
You can see every step I give you.
And you can see how I go from Broke in train to Poland, and what often I call in the journey.
This is all possible with this information.
That gives a little scary.
But it's not just me.
But from all of us.
First, there are things like, I call my wife and she calls me, we talked a couple of times.
Then they call me some friends and they call each other.
And then one calls each other, and the other one on the other, and we end up with this big network of communications together.
You can see how people communicate with each other to what time they call each other, which time they sleep.
You can see all this.
You can see the centers, the leaders of the group.
If you have access to this information, you can see what society.
If you have access to this information, you can control your society.
This is a model for countries like China and Iran.
This is a model to study the shape of your society, because you know who talks to who, who sent a email to who, all of this is possible if you have access to this information.
And this information is stored at least six months in Europe, and until two years.
As I said at the beginning, imagine if all of these people in the streets of Berlin, in the fall of 1989, they had a cell phone in the pocket.
And the thesis had known who involved in this protest, and if the thesis had known who the leaders were, this would never have happened.
The fall of the Berlin Wall may never have happened.
And in fact, not the fall of the curtain of iron.
Because today the state agencies and companies want to store so much information from us as possible inside and outside the web.
They want to have the possibility to follow our lives, and they want to store them forever.
But the protein and living in the digital era is not a contradiction.
But today you have to fight for the protein.
You have to fight for that every day.
When they come home tell their friends that privacy is a value of the 21st century and it's not too much of fashion.
When you go home, tell their representative that just because business and state agencies can store certain information, they don't have to do it.
And if you don't believe me, ask your phone company, what do you store from you.
So in the future, every time you use their mobile phones to remind you to remember that they have to fight for the protein in the digital age.
Thank you.
Hello Leonest, what happens?
It's not enough.
Hello Leonest, what happens?
I call myself Mary Bush and I'm not surface, but I know the doctor that brought me to the world.
I cut my mom six times in six different directions, inflational to the poor of me in the process.
As a result, I have cerebral palsy, so I keep all the time.
Look at it.
It's beat. I'm like a magic of Saragua.
And Muhammad Alex.
The P, C. is not genetics.
It's not content or it can be found.
Nobody explored my mother's uterus, and I didn't catch it because my parents were hero cousins, even though they are.
Just by accidents, like the one that happened to me when I birth.
Now, I warn you, I'm not a source of inspiration -- and I don't want any of the present.
It feels bad for me, because at some point in life, you have to be accepted.
Let's go from step.
So Christmas body, are in the mall.
16 empty places for analyzing.
And they think, "God, can I be at least a little search?
Also, I tell you, I have 99 problems, and the P, C. is just one of them.
Out of the reduction, I would win the gold medal.
I'm a participation, Muslim, woman, adventure and alive in New Jersey.
If you don't feel better, maybe you should do it.
I'm from Park American in New Jersey.
I always loved my neighborhood and my disease had the same principles.
I also love that if I wanted to walk from my house to New York, I could.
Many people with cerebral paralysis don't walk, but my parents don't believe in the noise anymore."
The mantra of my father was, "You can do it, dancing house."
If my three older sisters clean, I clean up.
If my three older sisters go to public school, my parents stopped the school system, and they made sure that I would also be, and if we didn't know all the last note we all got my mother's shoes.
My father taught me to walk at the age of five years putting my heel on their feet and just walking.
Another practice I used was to hang a dollar in front of me so that I would follow it.
The correct that I carried into was very strong and so strong.
Yes. The first day in the childhood garden walked like a bomb camp that has received many forests.
Growing up, there were only six Arabs in my city, and they were all of the family.
Now there are 20 Arabic, and they continue to be all of the family.  I think nobody realized that we were not Italian.
This was before 9/11, and the politicians would think about appropriate to the Muslims as a campaign company.
The people I grew up with didn't have my faith.
However, it seemed to worry about them a lot that died of hunger during the sea.
I was telling them that he had enough fat to live three different months without eating it, so I will use the dawn of the speed to be very easy.
Barbar Dad in Broadway.
Yeah, in Broadway, it's crazy.  My parents couldn't afford physical therapy, so they sent me to dance school.
I learned to dance with telescopes, or I can walk with categories.
I'm from New Jersey, and there we want to be girls, so if my friends used contacts, I too.
And when my friends were going to spend summer summer on the coast of Kenturn, I wasn't going to go.
I spent my summers in a war zone, because my parents feared that if we didn't go back to Palestine every summer, we would become January.
In summer vacation, often my father was trying to stop, so I drank car milk, they put me warm cups on the back, I immersed myself at the Dead Sea, and I remember the water burned my eyes and I thought, "Hey, work."
But the miracle cure was the continuous.
I have to say that it's very boring, but before I did yoga it was a ship of statement that I couldn't stand up "The foot of Paris "The feet.
And now I can stand on my head.
My parents reinforce this idea that I could do anything, that no dream was impossible, and my dream was to be in the General Hospital.
I went to university through positive discrimination, and I got a scholarship for the United States, University of the state of Arizona, because I was in all the time.
It was like the shock of the theater department.
They all loved me.
I did all the tasks of the least smart, I took out the maximum note in my classes and also in their classes.
Every time I did a scene from the glass of crystal my teachers were crying.
But I never got a role.
Finally, in my last year, the United States decided to do a work called "All very slow.
It's a work of a girl with cerebral palsy, right?
I was a girl with cerebral paralysis.
So I started screaming to the four winds, "The End will have a role.
I have brain Parks.
At the end of the free book.
Thank God possible, I'm a free baby?
I didn't get the paper.  They gave it to Jerry Brown.
I went back to the director of the theater department, crying historically as if someone had killed my cat, to ask him why and she told me that because they thought I couldn't do the stunt stunts of risk.
And I said, "Excuse me, if I can't do risk stunts -- neither can the character either.
It was a role for which he had literally been born and gave it to an actor without brain paralysis.
The university was mimicking my life.
Hollywood has a red story of intricating actors without disability for disabled paper.
By graduate school, I went home, and my first eye tour was like extra in a novel.
My dream became true.
And I knew it would be the "search of "Mother to "Morning friend in a single.
Instead, I stayed there as a woman, it didn't see me more than night, and it was evident to me that representation director didn't hire mountain activities, not white, with disability.
They just hired perfect people.
But there were exceptions to the rule.
I grew up watching Congo Robert, Rose Barricas, Leonardo, and all these women had one thing in common: they were common.
So I made myself tremendous.
In my first tour, I took famous comics from New York to New Jersey, and I will never forget the face of the first comic that I took when I was at high speed of New Jersey at the authority of New Jersey with a driver that had cerebral paralysis.
I worked in clubs from all over the United States, and also in Arabic.
Some people say I'm the first geometry of the Arab world.
I never like to call the first place, but I know they never heard that little disgusting rumor that says that women are not fun, and they find us very fun.
In 2003, my brother brother and father, Dean February, and I launched the New York City Festival in New York, now.
Our goal was to change the negative image of Americans in the media, and at the same time reminding them to rap directors that neurons and Arabic are not simply.
Interview the Arab was much easier to fight against the challenge of disability research.
My great opportunity came in 2010.
I went as an invitation to the news program for cable recognizes with Keith Lab.
I walked in as if I went to a graduation dance dance and they showed me a studio and sat on a wheelchair.
I looked at the director and I said, "Excuse can you give me another simple?
She looked at me and said, "Chris, four, three, go!
And we were in living.
So I approached the desk of the speaker to not get out of the screen during the regime, and when I finished the interview, I was filled.
At the end I had my opportunity and the reputation. I knew they wouldn't get me back.
But not only Mr. Feying came back to me, but it was just like a full-time part and I pasted my chair.
Something fun I learned in the direction with Keith Feying was that people on the Internet are school.
It's said that kids are cruel -- but they never made fun of me nor a little girl.
Suddenly my disability on the Internet became teased object.
I saw online clips with comments like, "Why is it the bit?
Is it record?
And my favorite, "Poor general terrorist book.
What disease does it have?
We really should pray for it."
A conservation suggested even that I would add my disability to my community, and a country, common, pattern.
And disability is as visual as the race.
If someone in a wheelchair can't make from Refug, then Republic can't make somebody in a wheelchair.
The disabled ones are -- yes, clap -- man.
We are the largest minority in the world, and the most reproductive minority in the world of entertainment.
The doctors said it wouldn't walk, but I'm here in front of you.
However, having grown with media, I don't think it was.
I hope we can create more positive images of disability in media and everyday lives.
Maybe if there were more positive images, that would make less hate on the Internet.
Or maybe not.
Maybe we still need the whole society to teach our children.
My headline journey has led me to very spectacular places.
I got to walk through the red carpet flow by the some of the solar solars Susan Anderson and the Lebanone Lindole Garden.
I got to act in a film with Adam Sandy and to work with my pain, the incredible Dave Mapanity.
And I picked up the world reaching "The Arabs have become some light."
I was determined in representation of the great state of New Jersey in the 2008 Carro.
And I founded "The children of "Good -- a charity organization to give children Palestinian refugee a little bit of what my parents gave me.
It was the only time my father saw me live in alive, and I read this talk to his memory.
"Prototype in peace, population.
I call myself Mary Britan, and if I can, you can too.
I'd like to tell you a story about a little boy of a small town.
I don't know his name, but I know his story.
It lives in a small town to the southern of Somali.
This town is near Malibas.
The drought pushes the small village to poverty and the edge of the imagination.
Without anything for him there, it goes to the great city, in this case, Malaha, the capital of Somalia.
When it comes there, there's no opportunity, no work, no future perspective.
He ended up living in a tent in the city outside of Malibas.
After a year later, nothing.
One day you get a gentleman that offers him to take it to lunch, and then dinner to defense.
He knows a dynamic group of people, who gives him a break.
It gets a little bit of money to buy new clothes, money to send home to their family.
They present to a young woman.
It's finally house.
It starts a new life.
It has a life goal.
One beautiful day in Malaha, under a blue sky, a car bomb.
That kid of that little town with dreams of the great care was the suicide terrorist, and that dynamic group of people were al to the Hollywood, a terrorist organization connected to al Qaeda.
So how do the story of a child of a little town trying to fulfill their dreams in the city ends up with him and it ends up with it?
He was waiting for.
I was waiting for an opportunity, hoping to start his future, waiting for a future perspective, and this was the first thing that came to him.
This was the first thing that took it out of what we call "The "Professional dog.
And his story is repeated in urban centers around the world.
This is the story of the Barn, young urban urban youth who stand up in distribution in Johannesburg -- they drop distribution in London, who are looking for something beyond the waiting probe."
For young people, the promise of the city, the great dream of city is the opportunity of the opportunity, of work, but young people don't participate in the prosperity of their cities.
It's often the youth who suffers from the highest scale rate.
By 2030, three of five people living in cities will be less than 18 years.
If we don't include the young people in the growth of our cities, if we don't give them opportunities, the history of "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The terrorist, the door of access to terrorism to violence, to the biologists, will be the history of the cities 2.0 cities.
And in my city of birth, Marian 70 percent of the young people are unemployed.
70 percent don't work, it's not going to school.
They don't virtually do anything.
I went back to Maliamanska last month, and I went to visit the Sanda Hospital, the hospital where I was born.
I remember being at that hospital hospital to battle thinking, and if I had never gone?
And if I had seen myself forced to be in that same period of "Department?"
Would I have become a record?
I'm not really sure the answer.
The reason I was in Malia that month was actually to meet some juvenile leaders in a business camp.
It goes to about 90 regular juvenile leaders.
We sat down, and we had a rain of ideas about solutions to the big challenges facing the city.
One of the young people in the room was Dan.
He went to the University of Mexico, he graduated it.
There was no work, no opportunity.
I remember when he told me, because it was a graduate college, unemployed, frustrated, was the perfect white for al Shabaab and other terrorist organizations, to be recruited to be recruited to be cropped.
They were looking for people like him.
But this story takes a different path.
In Malawa, the biggest hurdle to get from point to B are the streets.
Twenty years of civil war have completely destroyed the visual system, and a motorcycle can be the easiest way to move.
And they saw an opportunity and the addiction of it.
It started a motorcycle company.
It started disturbing the local residents who normally couldn't buy them.
I bought 10 cars, with the help of his family and friends, and his dream is at some point to expand hundreds of engines over the next three years.
Why is this story?
What makes this story different?
I think your ability to identify and leverage a new opportunity.
It's the business spirit, and I think the business spirit can be the most powerful tool against the beauty of waiting for waiting for."
It empowers young people to be the creators of the economic opportunities that are looking for so desperately as despite.
And you can train young people to be entrepreneurs.
I want to talk about a young man who attended one of my meetings, Mohamed Monterey, a freedom.
I was helping to train some of the young people at the summit of business initiative and how to be innovative and how to create a culture of business initiative, to create business.
In fact, it's the first tremendous theoretic that Maria has seen over 22 years, and until recently, until Mohamed came in, if you wanted flowers for your wedding -- we were from plastic sent from the surgery.
If you asked somebody, "When was the last time you saw free flowers?
For those who grew up during civil war, the answer would be "not!"
So Mohamed saw an opportunity.
It started a printing company and a floral design.
I created a farm in the outskirts of Malibas, and he started growing planets and lives, who said to be able to survive the field of Malaha in Malaha.
And it started the delivery of flowers, creating gardens in the houses, and the companies in the city, and now it's working on the creation of the first public park of Malayina in 22 years.
There are no public parks in Malibas.
He wants to create a space where the families, young people, can go together, and, as he says, smell the proverbial properties.
By the way, he doesn't grow pink because they use a lot of water.
So the first step is to inspire young people, and in that room, the presence of Mohamed had a really profound impact in young people.
They had never thought about starting a business.
They had thought about working for a NGOs, working for the government, but his story, his innovation, really had a strong impact on them.
He forced them to look at their city as a place of opportunity.
I encouraged them to believe that they could be competitive, that could be active of change.
By the end of the day, they already had innovative solutions for some of the biggest challenges facing the city.
They developed business solutions for local problems.
So, inspire young people and create a business of business spirit is really a big step, but young people need capital to make their ideas reality.
They need experience and orientation to guide them in the development and put in their business.
They connect the young people with the resources that they need, extend the support they need to move from conception to creation, and create catalyst for urban growth.
For me, the business spirit is something more than starting a business.
It's to create a social impact.
Mohamed is not simply selling flowers.
I think it's selling hope.
His Peace Park, this is how it calls it, when it's created, transforming the way people see their city.
They also hired the street kids to help rent rent and keep the cars for him.
It gave them the chance to escape the Penducin period of "Professor."
These entrepreneurs are having a tremendous impact in their cities.
So my suggestion is, they become young people in entrepreneurs -- imagine and feed their inherent innovation, and they will have more stories about flowers and parks of the peace that we can do and "Professor periods.
Thank you.
I was about 10 years old, and I went to camping with my dad in the mountains of Jewish, an area in the north of New York State.
It was a beautiful day.
The forest standards.
The sun would make the leaves glow like a virus, and not to be the way we followed it, almost we could pretend that we were the first human beings to push that land.
We get to our camp.
It was a record in a visual resident to a beautiful crystal lake when I discovered something horrible.
Behind the government there was a bank, from about four square feet with apple apple balls and aluminum paper balls, and old candle.
And I was attending, I was very angry, and incredibly confused.
The camps that were too lazy to take out what they had done, who thought he was going to clean their bank?
That question followed with me, and it was simplified a little bit.
Who clean our bank?
No matter how you organize or where the subject play? Who clean our trash in States?
Who clean our garbage in Rio or Paris or in London or in London."
Here in New York, the Department of Health clean our trash, in terms of 11,000 tons of waste and 2,000 tons of recyclable products every day.
I wanted to know them as individuals.
I wanted to understand who does that work.
What does it feel like to use the uniform and take that card?
So I started a research project with them.
I traveled in the trucks and walked through their trajectories and interviewed people in offices and installations.
I needed to get further in.
So I started working as a trash record.
Now not just traveling in the trucks. I drive.
And I was operating the mechanical schools and barrel the snow.
It was a remarkable privilege and an amazing learning.
They all ask about smell.
It's there, but it's not as dominant as you believe, and in the days it's very strong you get used quickly.
It costs a lot of the weight of weight.
I met people who had worked on it for several years and their bodies kept taking care of their body tons of garbage every week.
It's also danger.
According to the Bureau of States Friday, the collection of waste is one of the 10 most dangerous occupation in the country, and I learned why.
You're coming out and entering the traffic all day and they're moving around you.
They only want to happen, so usually the driver is not paying attention.
That's very bad for the worker.
And also the trash itself is filled with dangerous people who often fall out of the truck and causes terrible damage.
I also learned about the impressive of garbage.
When you get out of the table and you see a city from the back of the truck, you can understand that garbage is like a force of nature itself.
It never stops coming.
It's also like a form of breathing or circulation.
It always needs to be moving.
And it's also the stigma.
It seems to me that the stigma is especially ironic because I believe strongly that waste feedback is the most important labor in the streets of the city, for three reasons.
These are the first public health factors.
If you don't get rid of the waste in efficient ways and effective every day, this starts to get rid of your condoms and their inherent dangers threaten us in very real ways.
Disease that we had controlled for decades and centuries come back and start to give us.
The economy needs them.
If we can't get rid of the old we don't have space for the new thing that the engines of the economy start to fail when it is in danger.
I'm not advocating for capitalism, just by your relationship.
And then there is what I call our daily average speed needed.
I mean just the speed of the speed that we used to move in the contemporary time.
We usually don't worry about it, we don't recovery, we clean or we carry with us our coffee cup -- our balloons of our hands, our water bottle.
We use them, we throw them, we forget about them, because we know there's a force of work on the other side that will get away from it.
So today I want to suggest to you a couple of ways of thinking about the collection of waste that maybe help reduce the stigma and include them in that conversation about how to design a sustainable and human city.
His work, I think, is almost logical.
They're on the street every day, and in a rhythmic form.
They use a uniform in many cities.
You know when to wait.
And their work allows us to do ours.
They're almost a form of relief.
The flow that keeps us safe from ourselves, from our own waste, our servers, and that flow always needs to stay in one way or another.
One day after September 11, 2001, I heard the noise of a waste collection truck in the street, he grabbed my small son and I went down the stairs running around, and there was a man doing his paper recycled paper as I did all the military.
And I tried to thank you for doing his work that day in particular, but I started crying.
And he looked at me and just sitting down, and he said, "We're going to be okay.
We're going to be right."
Shortly after that, I started investigating the consumer collection and I saw that man.
It's called Palestinian, we worked together many times and we made good friends.
I want to believe that Paul was right.
Let's be okay.
But in our efforts to recovery the way we exist on this planet as we species in this planet as a species we need to include and have in account all costs, even the very real human cost of labor labor.
The municipal waste, what we think of when we talk about trash, represent three percent of the amount of waste in the nation.
It's a remarkable statistics.
So in the flow of their days and their lives, the next thing you see to someone whose job is to clean the garbage of you, just a moment to recognize them.
Take a moment to say thank you.
My work focuses on the connection of thinking about our community life forming part of the environment where architecture is born naturally from conditions and local traditions.
Today I brought two recent projects like this.
Both projects are located in emerging countries, one in Ethiopia and the other in Tunisia.
They also share the fact that different analysis from different perspectives become an essential part of the end of architecture.
The first example started with an invitation to design a commercial center of several floors in the capital of Ethiopia, Andrew Today.
This is the kind of construction that showed us as an example, to my team and me, about what we had to design.
At first, the first thing I thought was, "I want to get out the sandwich?
After seeing some of these buildings there are many in the city, we realized that there are three important aspects to be replaced.
In principle, these buildings are almost empty because they have very large stores where people can't afford to buy things.
Second, you need to employ a lot of energy because the crisis of crystals generates heat in the interior, so it takes a lot of cooling in it.
In a city where this shouldn't happen because it's a temperate climate that goes from 20 to 25 degrees throughout the year.
And thirdly, it has nothing to do with Africa or with Ethiopia.
It's a little bit of a little bit of a set of place in culture and traditions.
In our first visit to Ethiopia, I was really excited about the old market that is this structure to the free air where thousands of people, go and buy things every day to small contractions.
There's also that idea of using public space to generate external activity.
So I thought, that was what I really wanted to design, not a shopping center.
But the question was how to build a modern building, from several floors, applying these principles.
The next challenge was presented when we inspect the site, which is located in a lot of growth in the city, where a lot of the buildings that we now see in the image, not exist.
And it's also between two parallel streets that don't communicate in an extension of hundreds of feet.
So the first thing we did was to create a connection between these two streets, putting all the entries in the building.
And this extends with an inclined stream that creates a space to the free air in the building that is architecturally, because of its own form, of sun and rain.
And around this space, we've applied the idea of the market with small businesses, which changes on every floor because of the shape of space.
I also thought, how do you close the building?
I wanted to find a solution that would respond to local climate conditions.
And I started thinking about a similar tissue to a concrete comparison with permission to allow the air input and also of light, but in a filter way.
We then inspired in these beautiful buttons of the states of the states.
They have properties of fractal geometry, and this helped me model the struggle.
We're building that with these little professional pieces that are the windows that let the air and light in a controlled way inside the building.
This is committed to these little colors of colors that use light inside of the building to illuminate the building at night.
With these ideas not easy to convince developers because they thought, "That's not a shopping center. It wasn't what we ask.
But ultimately, we all realized that this idea of the market turned out to be much more profitable than the commercial center because ultimately there were more local to sell.
And also the idea of the facade was much more economic -- not just because of the material compared to the glass, but also because it wasn't necessary to have air conditioning anymore.
So we got certain savings in the budget that we use to implement the project.
The first thing was to think about how to achieve energy energy for the building in a city where electricity is cut almost every day.
So we got a great advantage putting floors on the roof.
And then under those panels we think about the roof as a new public space with areas of gathering and bars that would create this urban sound.
And these bits on the roof, which in a set of water collect water for the back of the inside.
It was expected for the next year, because we go through the fifth floor of the construction.
The second example is a master plan of 2,000 apartments and services in the city of Tunisia.
And to do a project so big, the biggest one that I had designed, I needed not just to understand the city of Tunisia, but also its environment, its tradition and culture.
During that analysis I got special attention in the middle, a 14-year-old structure that was surrounded by a wall with two street doors connected by almost straight lines.
When I went to the place, the first design operation we did was to expand existing streets, creating 12 blocks that are similar in size and features that there are in Barcelona and other cities in Europe with these parasites.
In addition to that, we select some strategic points in relation to the idea of interconnected doors with straight lines, and this changed the initial model.
And the last operation was to think of the cell, the small cell of the project, like the apartment, as a essential part of the master plan.
I thought, what would be the best orientation for an apartment in online climate?
And it's surface, because it creates a thermal difference between both sides of the house, and therefore a natural ventilation.
So we put a scheme that makes sure that most of the apartments are perfectly oriented in that direction.
And this is the result that is almost like a combination of the European block and the Arab city.
It has these blocks with playgrounds and then on the low plant, and then we have all the connections for pedestrians for pedestrians for pedestrians for pedestrians for pedestrians for pedestrians for pedestrians to be down.
And it also responds to local norms that make a greater density in higher levels and less density in the plant down.
And it also reinforces this idea of doors.
The roof, which is my favorite space of the project is almost like reproducing the community that is occupied by construction.
It's where all of the neighbors, can go up and sort of solve, and make such as running a race of two kilometers a morning, or jumping from one building to another.
These two examples, they have a common approach in the design process.
And also, they're in emerging countries, where you can see cities literally growing.
In these cities, the impact of architecture in people's life changes communities and local economies at the same pace that the buildings grow.
For this reason, I see even more important to look at architecture looking for simple solutions, but affordable solutions, that improve the relationship between community and environment and that have as objective to connect nature with people.
Thank you very much.
When I was eight years old, a new girl entered our class. It was as remarkable as you see all the new girls.
I had big amounts of hair and a little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little bit of the limitation, and it was cold for the capital capital for the state capital -- very good for photography.
I ended up that year, and I was full of jealousy, until I brought my sinister plan.
One day I had a time after the high school, I was a little afternoon, and I hid in the bathroom of girls.
When the coast was defined, I went out, I went into the classroom, I took the table of my teacher the book book.
And then I did.
The ratings of my rival -- just a little bit, just some like that.
All of that.  And I was forced to return the book to the box. But to see, some of my other partners had very good notes as well.
So in a Frank, I ran the notes around the world, without any imagination.
I put all the rows from them and myself a row of that, just for being there, since I could.
I still surprised what I did.
I don't understand how the idea happened.
I don't understand why I felt well doing it.
I felt important.
I don't understand why I never got caught.
It was all incredibly obvious.
They never found me.
But most of all, I was struck by the reason I was annoyed that this little girl, so small, was so good for photography.
I am intrigued with them.
They're so mysterious and so speed.
We know that babies suffer from jealousy.
The primates, the birds are very pressure.
We know that the streets are the number one cause of adventure killings in the U.S.
And yet, I've never seen a study that analyzes the loneliness or the long duration or the sadness.
So you have to go to fiction, because novels are like the laboratory in which the cycles in all its possible shapes.
In fact, I don't know if it's a exaggeration to say that if there were no movies, there would be no literature.
Well, there would be no Leonardo the infinity, no "The designer?
There would be no king of it, nor "The Milo and a night?
There would be no Shakespeare.
They would disappear the high school lists of high school, because we would be losing "The noise and the Russian, there would be no "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "Texas and "The "The "David Konger.
No chief, no Program. I know it's fashionable to say that Proust has the answers to everything, and, in terms of the jealousy, almost you have all of them.
This year is 100 years of his masterpiece, "In pursuit of "The most realistic study of sexual sex and also the ordinary competition, my own, everything we could have --  And thinking about Proper, we have the details of the reality?
We think about a child trying to reconcile sleep.
We think of a hole of embarrassment in your washing sound.
We forget how hard that image is.
We forget how remarkable it is.
I mean, it's about books that Virginia Books said were as hard as cat time.
I don't know what the cat, but we assume it's surprising.
Let's see why they go so well together, the novel and the sides, the chairs and Propert.
Is it going to be very obvious that the jealousy, who are reduced to the person, to their wish, to their presentations, are a good narrative based on solid natural?
I don't know. I think we get very close to bone, when we think about what happens when we feel jealousy.
When we feel clicks, we tell ourselves a story.
One story about other people, and those stories make us feel terrible because they're designed for that, to make us feel bad.
Being at the same time and audience and audience, we know exactly what details will play, to bring the knife off, right?
The cycles make us all amateur movements, and that's something that Proust understood is.
Everything that she does to give me pleasure could give pleasure to another, maybe now."
And he starts to say to himself that story, and since then, Proust says that every single amount of fresh love that St. detected in his lover, he adds it to his collection of instrument instruments in his private camera.
You have to admit that San and Professor, they were notoriously small.
You know, the God Voices would have to leave the country, if they wanted to break with it.
But you don't have to be so bad to recognize that it's a tough job. Right?
The streets are accompanied.
It's a hungry emotion. You have to feed it.
And what are the chairs?
The cycles are separated from information.
The cycles use the details.
The ones like the big amounts of bright hair, and the cute and small little little police.
The ones are supported from the photos.
That's why Instagram is so successful --  Proud line well the language of concern with the side of the streets.
When St. San is in his neck of jealousy, suddenly listening behind the doors and bribe the visitors of their lover -- then defend those behaviors.
He says, "Look, I know you think this is pretty unusual, but it's not different than the interpretation of an old text or to look at a month."
He says, "They're scientific research with real intellectual value.
Product is trying to prove that the hairs are absolutely absolute and they make us seem absurd, but in their mind, they are search for knowledge, looking for the truth, a really painful truth. In fact, to what happened to Property, the more painful the truth, the better.
The pain, the flower, the predictive -- these were the pathways to the wisdom of Propert.
He says, "A woman who we need to do, which makes us suffer on us a much deeper range of feelings and vital than a wise man who can tell us interest."
Is it telling us that we're going to look for cruel women?
No. I think it's trying to say that the hairs reveal ourselves.
And is there any other emotion that makes us open in this particular way possible?
Is there any other emotion us reveals our agentician, our horrible ambition and our rights?
Is any other emotion that teaches us to look at such a speculation of such a speculation?
Freud writing about this later.
One day, Freud was visited by a very naive young man who was consumed with the idea that his wife was putting it.
And Freud says there was something weird in that man, which was not left in what his wife was doing.
Because she was innocent -- everybody knew it.
The poor creature was under suspicion without any cause.
But he was looking for things that his wife did, without realizing interest, involuntary behaviors.
Did you smile too much?
Freud says the man was becoming the culture of his wife.
The novels are very good at this.
The novels describe very well how the cycles do to look at intensity but without precision.
In fact, the more intensely we are, the more we become residents of fantasy.
And for this reason, I think, the cycles lead us to doing violent or illegal act.
The cycles are propelled to behave in completely unimaginable ways.
Now I'm thinking about myself at eight years, I recognize it, but I'm also thinking about this story I heard about news.
A woman in Michigan of 52 years of age was captured by having created a false account on Facebook from which she was sending the visible messages for a year.
A year. A whole year.
She was trying to incorporate the new girlfriend of his former airplane. I have to confess that when or this, reacted with admiration with admiration to it.
Because we are realistic.
How huge -- although unfortunately, creativity. Right?
It's like bone.
It's like a novel of Patricia Marian.
Massachusetts is one of my favorites.
She's a very strange and brilliant character of American literature.
It's the author of "Australian in a Tanzania and "The Standard Mr. Limburg, books that are about how the jealousy, supportive our minds, and once we are in the sphere, in the realm of the children, the membrane that separates what it might be, can be drilled in a second.
Take Tom Pickle, his most famous character.
Tom Denay goes from wanting or want what you have to get away from your being and to get out of what you ever had, and it's under the floor, it responds to your name, carrying your rings, empty your bank account.
It's a way.
But what do we do? We can't take the route of Tom Robert.
I can't give you the whole world, as much as sometimes I want.
It's a shame, because we live in times of envy.
We live in times of jealousy.
I mean, are we good citizens of social networks, where the currency is envy. Right?
The novels show us the salt? I'm not sure.
So we're going to do what the characters always do when they're not sure, when they're at a mystery.
Let's go to 1991 from Baker Street and ask for Microsoft Chanches.
When people think about Loud, they think about the curse in the Morica Mercorth, that criminal genius.
But I've always preferred the Stewarts Stewart, the head of Seattle Red Representation who needs to have "The "The Death despite, needs the genius of Lovel, but he bothers him.
Oh, it sounds so familiar.
It takes your help, but the sense, and the bubble with bitterness, in the each.
But as they work together, something starts to change, and finally in "The Higgs Simons Chario once show you all with his solution, Let me go back to the every way, Learning back to Monsters and says, "We're not jealous Mr. Mr. Stein.
We're proud of you."
And he says there is no person in Connecticut Richard that I wouldn't want to give you your hand.
It's one of the few times you see Los little standards in history. I think this is very emotional. That scene is also mysterious, right?
It seems to treat the cells as a problem of geometry, without emotion.
You know, in a minute, Charles is the opposite side of TED.
The next minute are the same side.
Suddenly, structures are allowed to admire that idea of being a sense.
Could it still be so simple?
What if the calculations are really a matter of geometry, just a question where we allow ourselves to be relative to the other?
Well, maybe we don't have to feel the excellence of the other.
We can align with it.
But I like the planning plans.
So while we hope that that happens, we remember that we have the fiction to comfort us.
Only the fiction destroys the streets.
The fiction used the documents, the invited to the table.
And look at what introduction -- the sweet collection, the Starlisi Tom Pickle, the sun San Sunday, the same Microsoft Proposalinity.
We're in excellent company.
Thank you.
We used to solve big problems.
On July 21, 1969, Buzz Californian jumped outside of the Apollo 11 to the Monterey 11 of the Foundation.
Armstrong and Albert were alone, but their presence in the gray surface gray was the culmination of a cruel collective process.
The Apollo program was the largest habitat in peace times in American history.
To get to the moon, NASA spent about 180 billion dollars today, or four percent of the federal budget budget.
The Apollo gave some 400,000 people and asked about 20,000 companies, universities and government agencies.
They died people, including the Apollo One.
But before the Apollo Project program, 24 men traveled to the moon.
Twelve walked over their surface, which Alexander after death of Armstrong last year, is now the most old.
So why were they?
They didn't bring a lot of it back, 333 pounds of old rock old, and something that 24 degrees later, a new sense of the small and fragility of our common home.
Why were they? The cynical answer is that they were because President Kennedy wanted to show the Soviets that this nation had better rockets.
But the words of Kennedy at the University of Rice in 1962.
John F. Kenya, some questions, why the moon line?
Why do we turn it into our goals?
And you could also ask, why can you scale the highest mountain, right?
35 years ago, why fly over the Arctionary?
Why does it play Rice against Texas again?
We chose to go to the moon.
We chose to go to the moon.
We chose to go to the moon in this decade, and do other things, not because they're simple, but because they're hard.
Jason Postage, for the entities, the Apollo wasn't just a victory of the West on the East War.
At the time, the strongest emotion was to wonder the adversary of the power of technology.
They were because it was a great thing to be able to do.
The landing on the moon happened in a context of a long list of technological conflict.
The first half of the 20th century produced the line of assembly and plane, penicillin and vaccine for tuberculosis.
In the middle of the century, the police was eradicated and removed smallpox.
The technology seemed to produce what Alvin Feynman in 1970, called "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The Third police "The "The "religious "need?"
For most of the history of humanity, we couldn't go faster than a horse or a ship with a candle -- but in 1969, the crew of the Apollo 10 flew at 40,000 miles an hour.
Since 1970, no human being back to the moon.
Nobody has traveled faster than the crew of Apollo 10, and the optimism optimism about the power of technology has been evaporated by seeing that problems that we imagine that technology will solve as to go to Mars, create clean energy, curing cancer, or feed the world population seem to have interested in it.
I remember seeing the Apollo 17.
I was five years old, and my mother told me that he didn't look at the escape.
I knew sure that this would be the last minister mission, but I was completely sure that I would get to see the colonies on Mars.
So that from something happened to our ability to solve problems with technology has become a common place.
We hear it all the time.
We've heard it for the last two days here, at TED.
It looks like the technologists had been distracted and enriched with trivial toys, things like iPhone, applications and social networks, or algorithms that accelerate the automated sale.
There's nothing wrong with most of these things.
They have expanded and enriched our lives.
But they don't solve the big problems of humanity.
What happened?
There's an architectural explanation in Silicon Valley, which is that they have created less ambitious companies than those of the years they funded Intel and Microsoft and Apple and George.
Silicon Valley says that markets are the guilty, in concrete the incentives that risk capitalists offer entrepreneurs.
Silicon Valley says that the risk investment caused that the creation of transformative ideas for the funding of incremental problems or even false problems.
But I don't think this explanation is good enough.
It explains what's wrong with Silicon Valley.
Even when the venture capitalists were at their own point without worrying about risk, they preferred little investment, tiny investment investment that they could go out in 10 years.
The Children have always had problems to invest with benefits in technologies as energy, that need a huge capital and how development is long-term -- they have never invested in developing technology development to solve big problems because they don't have an immediate commercial value.
No, the reasons we can't solve the big problems are more complicated and profound problems.
Sometimes, we chose not to solve the big problems.
We could go to Mars if we want.
NASA has even designed a plan.
But going to Mars required a political decision that was popular, and that will never happen.
We're not going to go to Mars because everybody thinks there are more important things to do on Earth.
Sometimes, we can't solve the big problems because political systems fail.
Today, less than two percent of global energy consumption comes from renewable energy sources like solar and wind and translation. Less than two percent, and the reason is completely cheap.
Coal gas and natural gas are cheaper than solar and wind, and oil is cheaper than the correction.
We want alternative energy sources that can compete in price. They don't exist.
Now, technologists, entrepreneurs and economists agree about what policies and international treaties are going to be able to nurture the development of an alternative energy -- mostly a significant increase in research and energy development, and some kind of control of the carbon price.
But there is no hope in the political climate climate that we will see an energy policy of America or international treaties that reflect that consensus.
Sometimes, the big problems that seem to be technological, not to be.
We know for the time that men are result of failure in food food food.
But 30 years of research have taught us that females are political crisis.
Technology can improve things like harvest, or systems for the storage and food feed -- but there will be sharks while there are bad governments.
Finally, big problems sometimes evaluate a solution because we don't understand the problem.
President Nixon declared the war by cancer in 1971, but soon we discovered that there are many kinds of cancer, some of you probably resistant the treatment, and only in the last 10 years, they seem to have found effective and viable treatments.
The hard problems are hard.
It's not true that we can't solve the problems with technology.
We can and we should, but these four elements have to be present -- the political leaders and the population must want to solve the problem -- institutions must support the solution -- should really be really about a technological problem, and we need to understand it.
The Apollo mission, which has become something like a metaphor for the ability of technology to solve large problems, completely with those critics.
But it's a productive model in the future.
We're not in 1911.
There is no political competition like the Cold War, there is no policy like John Kennedy who has the hardest and the dangerous thing, and there's no science fiction of science fiction like exploring the solar system.
In general, going to the moon turned out to be simple.
It was only three days.
And really, it wasn't even solving any problem.
We're just in our present, and the solutions of the future will be more difficult to get.
God knows that we don't get the challenges.
Thank you very much.
Well, I'm going to talk about trust, and I'm going to start by remembering the general ideas that you have about trust.
They're so common that they have become cliche in our society.
I think it's three.
The first one is a competition: there's been a huge decline of trust, it's a very generalized belief.
The second is a goal, we should have more trust.
And the third is a task, we should recover trust.
I think the click, the goal and the task have gone wrong.
What I'm going to try to tell you today is a different story about a captain, a goal and a task, which I think gives a more clear idea about it.
First of all, the recognition, why do people think that trust has developed?
And if I think about it about the basis of my own evidence, I don't know the answer.
I invite you to think that it may have diminished in some activities or institutions, and that might have increased in others.
I don't have it.
But I can turn into the opinion polls and opinion polls are supposedly the source of the belief that trust has decreased.
When you look at the respects of opinion over time, there are no evidence of it.
That is, the people who were described 20 years ago, mostly journalists and politicians, they continue to inspire the same representation.
And the people who were very reliable about 20 years ago are still pretty sustainable for them to be quite sustainable.
The rest of us are in the middle, and by the way, the average citizen in the street is almost exactly halfway by half.
But is this enough evidence enough.
What the opinion polls record are, of course, opinions.
What else can you record?
What you see are the generic attitudes that people are working when they ask certain questions.
Does it rely on politics, trust in the mosques?
Now, if someone would ask you, "Do you trust the shooting?
Do you trust the performance?
Do you trust the Millennium Millennia?
You would probably start to ask, "What do I do?"
And that would be a very sensible answer.
And you could say, when you've answered your question, "Well, I trust you, but in some other not."
Which is very rational.
Ultimately, in real life, we tend to put the confidence differently.
We don't assume that the confidence of confidence that we're going to feel for a certain type of officer or functional or type of person, it's going to be uniform in all cases.
I could, for example, to say that I rely on a certain elementary elementary teacher that I know to give the type of reading, but in any way to drive the school microbes.
After all, I could know that it wasn't a good condition.
I could trust my most crazy friend to keep a conversation, but no, perhaps, to hold a secret.
Simple.
And if we've gotten those evidence in our daily lives in the way that trust is different, why do we leave all that knowledge when we think about trust in a more seriously search?
I think the surveys are very bad tools to measure the real level of real confidence, because they try to address the good judgment of the fact that we trust something or somebody.
Secondly, what about the goal?
The goal is to have more trust.
Frankly, I think it's a stupid goal.
It's not the goal I'm going to follow.
I would aim to have more confidence in what is trust, but not what it is.
Ultimately, I'm a proportion to not trust what is not reliable.
And I think those people who put their savings with the very rightly named Mr. March, who then disappeared with them, I think of them, and I think, well, yes, they were too slow.
Having more confidence is not an intelligent goal in this life.
Constant confidence.
Once you say it, he says, yes, it's worth that what matters in the first place is not the trust, but trustworthiness.
What it is about making a judgment about how reliable people are in certain ways.
And I think in order to make a trial, we're forced to focus on three things.
Are they computer? Are they the fores? Are they responsible?
And if we find that a person is competent in the relevant matter, and it's responsible and honest and honest -- then we will have a very good reason to trust it, because it's going to be a confidence of trust.
But if, in contrast, they're not responsible -- we couldn't trust them.
I have friends who are competitive and honest, but I don't trust them to take a letter to the mail because they are forgotten.
I have friends who are very sure you can do certain things, but I see that they overestimate their own competitions.
And I'm very happy to say that I think I don't have a lot of friends who are competing and responsible but extremely honest.
If I like that, I still haven't noticed me.
But that's what we're looking for, trustworthiness.
The trust is the answer.
The trustworthiness.
And of course, it's hard.
In the last decades, we've tried to build accountability systems for all kinds of institutions, professionals, officials and so on, that made us easier to judge their trustworthiness.
Many of those systems have had the opposite effect.
They don't work as they should.
I remember once I was talking to a party and said, "Well, you see, the problem is that it takes more time to make the administrative paper than service the grass in it."
And we found the same problem in all of our public life, and institution, that the accountability system that is destined to guarantee the connectivity and the evidence evidence -- it's actually doing the opposite.
What they do is they will prefer the work of people who have to do hard tasks, like parasites, demanding them to "Don't "Don't "Don't "Don't "Don't "Don't make the "little states?
I sure you all know similar examples.
All of that, for the goal.
I think the goal should be more confident, and that things would be different if we try to be worthy of trust, and we will convey people that we are reliable and if we try to determine whether other people, officials or politicians are worthy of trust.
It's not easy. It's the trial, the simple actions, the attitudes, what you don't do properly.
Third, the task.
To call the task to rebuild the trust, it puts things into the back.
It suggests that you and I should rebuild the trust.
Well, we can do it with ourselves.
We can reconstruct a little bit of trustworthiness.
We can do it if you're two people, together, trying to improve trust.
But the trust is, ultimately, it's different because we give it other people.
You can't reconstruct what other people have given you.
You have to give you the enough enough to be able to trust you.
You have to be worthy of trust.
And that, of course, is because you can't deceive you, usually to all people, all the time.
But you also have to be able to get some extra evidence that you are worthy of trust.
How do we do that?
That is done every day, everywhere, the common people, the functions, the institutions, very effectively.
I'll give you a simple commercial example.
The store where I bought my socks says I can get them to give them no explanation.
I take them up and get my money, or they change me by the color that I want.
That's great. I trust them because they became vulnerable to me.
I think there's a great lesson on that.
If you get vulnerable to the other part, that's a very good proof that you're worthy of trust and you have trust what you're saying.
So, in the end, I think that what we're pointing is not a very hard thing to start.
What people trust is in relationships, and in that framework, they can determine when and how the other person is worthy of trust.
Thank you.
From the beginning of computers we've been working on reducing the separation between us and digital information, the separation between our material world and the world of the screen where imagination can be determined.
This separation has been reduced, and more and more, to the point that today is less than one millimeter, the thickness of a tactile screen, and the power of computing has become accessible to everyone.
But I wonder, and if there were no barriers?
I started imagining what it would be.
So first of all, I created this tool that goes into the digital space, so that when the strong force against the screen transfers its physical body to pixels.
Designers can map their ideas directly in 3D, and surgeons can practice with virtual organs under the screen.
So with this tool you break up the barriers.
But the two hands remain still outside of the screen.
How do you get inside and interact with digital information using all the dexterity of hands?
In the Congress of Science Police, along with my mentor Can Anderson, he broke the computer and transformed a little space on the keyboard in a digital area of work.
By combining a transparent bombsight with deep cameras to detect the fingers and the face, you can now raise the hands of the keyboard, get inside of 3D space, and grab pixels directly with your hands.
Like windows and archives have a location in real space, select them is as easy as to grab a book of a shelf.
You can stick the book and pick up lines or words with the virtual statistical sensor that is down on every floating screen.
architects can stretch or rotate their motors directly with your hands.
In these examples, we entered the digital world.
What if we invest the paper, and we make digital information come to us?
Surely, many of us will have bought and put things out of the Internet.
Now that doesn't have to worry.
What I have here is a virtual test for the Internet.
This is the vision that you get from a device mounted in your head or stress when the system understands the geometry of your body.
If we take this idea further, I thought, instead of just seeing pixels in space, how can we make them physical so that we can touch them and feel them and feel them?
What would a future look like?
At the MIT Media Lab with my tutor King Strange and my collaborator Rome Pole, we created this only physical display.
This spherical magnet is behaving as a 3D politics in space, which means that the computer as the users can move the object anywhere inside this little three-dimensional space.
So inflation, what we did was the gravity of gravity and control movement through a combination of magnetic and mechanical and electrodes.
And by programming the object, we released it from the constraints of time and space, which means that human movements can record and get back and stay forever in the physical world.
You can teach interests physically and distance and the famous shot of Michael Jordan can be reproduce as a physical reality the times we want.
Students can use it as a tool to understand complicated concepts as the movement of planets, physics, and, unlike monitors or text books, this is a real and palpable experience that you can play and feel. It's very powerful.
But what's more fascinating than changing the physical part of the computer is to imagine how to program the world is going to change our everyday physical activities.
As you see, digital information is not just showing us something but to start acting directly about us as part of the physical world that surrounds us without having to get rid of our world.
We started the talk today talking about a barrier, but if we compress that barrier -- the only limit that's left is our imagination.
Thank you.
I trained to become ancient for two years in China, China, in the '70s.
When I was in the first grade, the government wanted to transfer to a school for athletes with all expenses with all the pay.
But my mother says, "No."
My parents wanted me to become an engineer, like them.
After surviving the Cultural Revolution, they believed firmly that there was only one road path towards happiness -- a safe work and good job.
No matter if the work would like or not.
But my dream was to be a Chinese opera.
This was me, in my imaginary piano.
A opera singer should start training from very young to learn the antibiotics, so I tried everything I could to go to school school.
Until I wrote the school director and the speaker of a radio program.
But no adult took the idea.
No adult took me seriously.
Only my friends supported me, but they were kids, no authority like me.
So at the age of 15, I knew that it was too much bigger to train.
My dream will never be done.
feared that during the rest of my life a happiness of second class was the only thing I could aspire to.
And this was so unfair.
So I resolved for another age.
No one around me wanted to teach me? Okay.
It took the books.
"Wow "but "The "not "The "not "The "Texas of Sandom -- Chinese at National Hans "The National States of Nations in 1995, and what were the first books that you have here?
Those who were banned in China, of course.
"The Good Earth is about Chinese Chinese life.
And it's not confident and understood.
The Bible is interesting, but bizarre.
That's one issue for another day.
But the fifth commandment for me was a relationship, "I will "make your father and your mother."
"Hello, I said, "It's so different, and much better than the thing."
So it became my tool to come out of this confidence of confidence and to reset the relationship with my parents.
The encounter with a new culture also gave rise to my comparation of comparative reading.
It provides a lot of perspectives.
For example, at the beginning, this map seemed to me out of place because this is what students in China learn.
I'd never occurred to myself that China didn't have to be in the center of the world.
A map involves people's perspective.
The comparison is not something new.
It's a common practice in the academic world.
There are to research fields like comparative religion and comparative literature.
Compared and control, it offers academics a deeper understanding of a subject.
And I thought that if the comparative reading worked to research, why not do it also in everyday life?
So I started reading books.
You can treat people "Lands Kanzile's "look "The Machine "Administrator from David Monterey from David Mountain who were involved in an angel, or friends with shared experiences.
For the Christ. The temptation is economic, politics and spiritual people.
For the Buddha -- they're all psychological -- lust, fear and social duty -- interesting.
If you know another language, it's also fun to read your favorite books in two languages.
"The Abraham Los Montana Thomas Thomas "The path of the Year Alan Atlanta instead of losing in the translation -- found that you can win a lot of it.
For example, it's through the translation that I realized that "Hell in China literally means "the fast "actual "actual "actual "actual "actual "actual "actual "actual "actual "actual "actual and the Chinese "science?"
And "Alien in Chinese, literally means New Morality" -- Honey.
The books opened me a magic door to connect me with people of the past and the present.
I know I'm not going to feel alone or powerless ever.
Having a desperate dream really isn't compared to what many others have suffered with.
I've come to believe that reality is not the only purpose of a dream.
Their most important purpose is to connect to the place that the dreams, where the passion comes from, where happiness comes from.
So far, you can do that for you.
And it's thanks to books, which I'm here, happy, living again with purpose and with clarity, most of the time.
So the books always get them.
Thank you.
Thank you.  Thank you.
When I was in my 20s, I saw my first collection of paradigm.
I was a professional student in clinical psychology in Berkeley.
She was a 20-year-old woman named Alana.
Alex went into the first session using sexuals and a friendly stop, and he took on the couch of my office and she took the shoes and said he wanted to talk about their problems with men.
When I heard this, I felt so sustained.
My classmates had a manufacture as a very first client.
And I got a plane that I wanted to talk about men.
I thought I could handle it.
But I didn't.
With the stories that Alex brought to the sessions, he made me easy just to move the head while we were cutting the solution.
"The region is the new Vierian and said, Alexander, and for what I saw, she was right.
You start working afterwards, then you get married afterwards, you have kids after death happens later.
For visits like Alex and I had time of pain.
But soon after, my surface pressure me to press Alex to talk about his loving life.
I was resistant.
I said, "Sel, it's coming out with guys under his category, it fits with a short head, but it's not like I went to marry it."
And then my sweat said, "Not yet, but maybe it's married with the next time.
In addition, the best time to work in Alex marriage is before it gets married.
This is what psychologists call a moment "How they call "awareness."
It was when I realized that the 30 is not the new 20.
Yes, people feel head after what was used to, but this didn't make the 20 of Alex to be a pause in their development.
This made the 20 of Alex to the perfect time, and we were wasting it.
So I realized that this kind of benign surveillance was a real problem and had real consequences -- not only for Alex and his loving life but for the careers, the families and the future students everywhere.
There are 50 million penguins in the United States, today.
This means 15 percent of the population, or 100 percent if you think nobody comes to adulthood without going before by the two.
Raise your hand if you're in your 2020.
I want to see the airplane here.
Oh, yeah! They're amazing.
If you work with visits, you love a visit, you take your dream off a plane, I want to see. It's good. And amazing, the real reality counts.
This is not just my opinion. These are the facts.
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life will happen at 35 years.
This means that eight of every 10 decisions and experiences and moments "Hey -- who give shape to their life will have gone past when they have 30 and so much.
People from over 40, they don't train in panic.
This audience is going to be right, I think.
We know that the first 10 years of a race have an exponential impact on the amount of money they will win.
We know that more than half the Americans are married, they live or they're coming out with their future partner at 30 years.
We know that the brain ends up its second and last stage of growth in its 20s and it is shown for adults, which means that if there's something that you want to change from itself, now it's time to change it.
We know that personality changes more times during their 20s than in any other time in life, and we know that female fertility comes to its supercomputer at the 28, and things become complicated at 35 percent.
The 20 are the time to educate on their body and their options.
When we think about the development of the child, we all know that the first five years are crucial for language and attachment in the brain.
It's a moment in which his daily and common life has an impact in the person who will become a seriously.
But what we don't hear often is that there's something called adult development and our 20s are a critical moment in adult development.
But this is not what the viruses are hearing.
The newspapers talk about changes in the timeline.
The researchers call the 20, an extended adolescence.
The journalists were charged by predictable names like "Lastians and "Oh "democratic designers.
It's true.
As a culture, we've considered a trivial which is actually the decade that defines adulthood.
Leonardo Bernies said that to achieve great things, you need a plan and not enough time.
Isn't it true?
What do you think happens when you give them a bank on your head and say, "Do you have another 10 years to start your life?"
Nothing happens.
They stole that person the sense of urgency, and their ambition and nothing absolutely nothing.
And then every day, smart visiting -- interesting as you or your children and daughters come to my office and say something like this: "I know that my girlfriend is not good for me, but this relationship doesn't know. I'm just killing time."
Or they say, "Everybody says that as you start a career before the 30, everything will be right."
But then it starts to sound something like this: "My 20 are for finishing and I still have nothing to show up.
I had better culture the day I graduated from university.
And then it starts to sound like this: "My dates during the 20 were like the chairs.
They all ran and fun, but then at some point around the 1930s, the music went off, and they all began to sit down.
I didn't want to be the only one who would stay standing down, so I sometimes think I married my husband because he was the nearest chair when I was 30.
Where are the penguins here?
Don't do that.
Well, that sounds a little extreme, but you don't get wrong, the risks are very high.
When you leave a lot of things for the 1930s, there's a huge pressure at the edge and so many of you to start a career, choose a city, choose a mate, and have two or three children in a much more short period of time.
Many of these things are not compatible -- and there are investigations that start to show, which is much more difficult and stressful to do all of a time at 30.
The crisis of the average age is not about buying red sports cars.
It's about realizing you can't have the career you want now.
You realize you can't have the son you want now, or you can't give a brother to your son.
Many continues and controls look like themselves, and I sat in the room, and they talk about their 20, "What was I doing? What was I thinking?"
I want to change what the viruses are doing and thinking.
Here's a story about what it might be.
It's a story about a woman called Montana.
At 25, Emma came to my office because I was in their own words, having a crisis of identity.
He said I'd like to work on art or in entertainment, but you still couldn't decide, so I spent the last few years working as a result.
As it was cheaper, I was living with a girlfriend that showed more end than ambition.
And despite living in a very difficult way, their previous life had been even more difficult.
She was freedom often in our sessions, but then she picked up herself by saying, "One doesn't choose his family, but he can choose your friends."
Well, one day Emma got his head on his legs and cried for almost every hour.
I was just going to buy a new bottle for the principal, and it had spent the entire morning filled with her many contacts but then looked at the empty space that follows after the words in case of George, please.
I was at the point of the story when he saw me, and he said, "Who's going to be for me if I have a car accident.
Who is going to take care of me if I get cancer?
At that time, I was very happy to resist and not say, "Aye."
What Emma needed was not a person who was really concerned about.
Emma needed a better life, and I knew this was his opportunity.
I had learned a lot since I worked with Alex as just as I was the last decade of Emma was going on.
So for the next few weeks and months, I said to Emma three things that all visual, men or female, deserves to know.
First, I told Emma to forget about that identity crisis and he got a capital of identity.
For capital. I mean doing something that adds value to your person.
Doing something that is an investment in what you want to be next.
I didn't know the future of the Francisco career, and nobody knows the future of work, but I know this: capital.
So now it's time for that work on the other side of the country, from that environment, of that company that you want to try with.
I'm not going to download the exploration of exploration -- I'm going to describe exploration that I shouldn't count, which, by the way, is not exploration, by the way.
It's precipitating.
I told Emma to explore jobs and I would tell them.
Second, I told Emma that urban tribes are solved.
The best friends are excellent to take me to the airport, but the windows that meet friends with similar minds are limited in terms of who you know, what you know, how they think, how they talk, how they talk, and where they work.
That new piece of capital, that new person who is going to go out almost always comes from their closest circle.
The new things come from what they're called weak mechanisms friends of friends.
Yes, half the penguins have a bad job or they don't have work.
But the other half won't, and the weak links are the way to put into this group.
Half of the work workers are never published, then knowing the boss of your neighbor is a way to get a job not published.
It's not cheating. It's the science of how information happens.
Finally, but not least, Emma thinks you don't choose your family, but I know your friends.
This was true when I was growing up, but as a dress, Emma soon will choose his family, when he has a partner and a way his own family.
I told Emma that time to choose his family had arrived.
Maybe you think that 30 is better age to feel head than 20 or even 25 and I agree with you.
But to choose the person that you live right now, or you care now when everyone on Facebook starts walking towards the altar. It's not progress.
The best time to work in your marriage is before you have, and that means being as intentional in love as you are in work.
I'll choose your family must be a conscious choice of who and what they want instead of just doing it work or kill time with whoever you pick them to you.
So what happened to Mammoest with Mammoe."
Well, we went through that direction, and she found the roommate of a first one who worked on a art museum in another state.
This weak link helped you get a job there.
That work of work gave him a reason to leave the girlfriend with which he lived with.
Now, five years later, it's special and special evolution of events.
This married with a man who elected conscious accountability.
She loves his new career, love his new family, and I sent a letter that said, "Now the spaces of emergency emergency are not big enough.
The story of Emma can sound easy, but that's what I love to work with visits.
It's very easy to help you.
The airplane is like planes who come out of the Los Angeles airport that go out somewhere in the West.
Just before the surface, a slight share in its trajectory makes the difference between landing in Alaska or in Marian.
In the same way, at 21 or at 25 and even 29, a good conversation, a good description, a good TED Talk can have huge effects in the next few years or even in the next generation.
Here's my idea worthy of spreading all the penguins you know.
It's as simple as what I learned to tell Alasma.
It's what I have now the privilege of telling you as Montana every single day -- the passwords are not the new 20 -- they recognize their adulthood, they get an identity capital, they use their weak ties to choose your family.
They don't let them define what they didn't know or what they didn't do.
They're deciding their life today.
Thank you.
When I was 27 years old, I left a very fancy job for a job that was even more extraordinary, the concept.
I went to teach students of seventh grade students in New York City schools.
And as any teacher, I applied tests and testing.
They give them tasks.
When the work came back, I calculated the grades.
What struck me was that the Congo was not the only difference between my best and my worst students.
Some of them who had a better performance had no cost of C. strategies.
Some of my smartest children were not going so well.
And that got me thinking.
The kind of things you need to learn in mathematics in seventh degrees, safe, are difficult -- proportions, diamonds, the area of a paradigm.
But these concepts are not impossible and I was very convinced that each of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard and during enough time.
After several years, I came to the conclusion that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a motivation perspective, from a psychological perspective.
In education, the only thing we know how to measure the best way.
It's the C, but what if I succeed in school and life depends on much more than the ability to learn how fast and easy?
So I left the classrooms, and I went to college to become a psychologist.
I started studying kids and adults in all sorts of challenging stages, and in every study my question was, who has success here and why?
My research team and I went to the Social Academy West Pole.
We tried to predict what they would stay in the military training and who would disappear.
We went to the National Council of Allegach and we tried to predict what children will move on as far as possible.
We study innovative teachers working in really difficult neighborhoods, wondering what teachers will still be teaching for the end of the school year and those who will be the most effective to improve the results of their students.
We partnered with private companies, asking ourselves, what about these marketers are going to keep their job work?
And who's going to make more money?
In all those very different contexts, a feature was a characteristic as an important production of success.
And it wasn't social intelligence.
It wasn't the good appearance, the physical health and wasn't the C.
It was the statement.
Decrew is passion and pressure to achieve very long-term goals.
The determination is to have resistance.
The determination is to focus on their future, day after day, not just for the week, not just for the month, but for years and working really hard to make that future a reality.
The determination is to live life as if it was a marathon.
A few years ago, I started studying the determination in public schools in Chicago.
I asked thousands of high school students who were doing my training discovery, and then waited about more than a year to see who graduate them.
It turns out that the children with more determination had significantly greater chance to graduate -- even when I bought them in every feature that I could measure, things like family income, the results of standardized tests, even the security that children felt when they were in school.
So it's not just in West Polegroom or at the National National Congress in which definition matters. It's also in school, especially for children at risk of abandoning them.
For me, the most important thing about determination is how little we know, how little science knows about its development.
Every day, parents and teachers ask me, "How do you develop determination in children?
What do I have to do to teach kids a robust ethical job?
How do you keep them motivated for the long property?
The most honest answer is: I don't know.  And what I know is that talent doesn't give you the surface.
Our data shows very clearly that there are many talented individuals that are simply not moving ahead with their commitment.
In fact, in our data, the modern determination is not related or even related to the talent measures.
Until now, the best idea I've heard about developing the determination in children is something called "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The
This is an idea at the University of Stanford by Parkinson's Freedom, and it's the belief that the ability to learn is not fixed -- that it can change with effort.
Dr. Republican has shown that when kids read and learn about the brain and how it changes and grows in response to the challenge, they are much more likely to stop when they fail, because they don't believe that that failure is a permanent condition.
So the growth mindset is a great idea to develop definition.
But we need more.
And that's where I finished my speech, because that's where we are.
That's the work we have in front of us.
We need to take our best ideas, our strongest interrogations, and we need to test them.
We need to measure whether they have been successful, and we have to be willing to fail to fail, to get together, to start all again with the lessons that are learning.
In other words, we need to be determined about making our children more second.
Thank you.
Growing up in Taiwan like the daughter of a collection, one of my most strange memories is my mother by showing the beauty, the shape and figure of Chinese characters.
From that moment, I'm amazed by this incredible language.
But for a overseas, it seems to be as impossible as the Great Wall China.
In the last few years, I've been wondering if I can throw this wall, so that you want to understand and appreciate the beauty of this sophisticated language can do it.
I started thinking about how a new method and quickly learning Chinese could be helpful.
Since I was five years old, I started learning how to draw each of the strokes of every character in the right sequence.
I learned new characters every day over the next 15 years.
Since we only have five minutes, it's better than we do it in a faster and simple way.
A Chinese academic would understand 20,000 characters.
You just need a thousand to understand basic literacy.
The first 200 will allow them to understand 40 percent of the basic literature, enough to read signals of transit signals, to understand the basic idea of web pages or newspapers.
I'm going to start with eight to show you how the method works.
Are you ready?
Open their mouth as much as you can until it's square.
You get a mouth.
This is a person who's going to take a walk.
People.
If the shape of fire is a person with arms on both sides, as if I was screaming in a falling way, "Human and I'm going to be a little bit of "The one called the shape of the call, but I like to believe it's the other way. The one that works.
This is a tree.
That's tree.
This is a mountain.
The sun.
The moon.
The symbol of the door looks like a pair of street doors in the old West.
I call these eight characters.
They're building blocks to create many more characters.
One person.
If someone walks back, that's saving."
As the ancient said, two are company, three are much.
If one person wants your arms, this person is saying, "It was that big.
The person inside the mouth, the person is controlled.
It's a prisoner as Jones inside the whale.
A tree is a tree, two trees together, we have a forest.
Three trees together, we also have the forest.
Put a table under the tree, we have the foundation.
You put a mouth on the tree, that's a "The "Dad?"  Easy to remember, because a permanent tree is pretty addicted.
Do you remember the film?
Two fungai flows, it's very hot.
Three futures together, that's a lot of flames.
You put the fire under the two trees, that's burning it.
For us, the sun is the source of prosperity.
Two alone together, I hope.
Three together, those are statistics.
Take the sun and the moon shining together, that's the bank.
It also means tomorrow, after one day and night.
The sun comes out on the horizon.
A door. Put a table inside the door, is the door of the door.
Put a mouth inside the door, ask questions.
Was there anybody at home?
This person is coming out of a door, climbing up, survival.
On the left, we have a woman.
Two women together, they're discussing them.
Three women together, they have care is adults.
So we've spent almost 30 characters.
By using this method -- the first eight radical people will allow them to build 32.
The next group of eight characters will build another 32.
So with every small effort, you'll be able to learn a couple hundred cards, which is the same thing that you learn for a eight years.
So after knowing the characteristics, we started creating sentences.
For example, the mountain and fire together, we have a fire. It's a volcano.
We know that Japan is the land of the national sun.
This is a sun placed with the origin because Japan is east to China.
So a sun next to the principle, we created Japan.
One person behind Japan, what do we have?
A Japanese person.
The character on the left are two mountains stacked one over the other.
In the ancient China, that meant in exile because Chinese fishermen would destroy their political enemies beyond the mountains.
Today, the exile.
A mouth that tells you where to go out is a slide.
This is a slide to remind me that I should stop talking and down the stage. Thank you.
What I prefer to be familiar is the movies I get to see.
I love sharing my favorite films with my kids, when my daughter was four years old, we saw the magician of Oz together.
The film mastered his imagination for months.
His favorite character was Google, of course.
He gave him a good excuse to use a bright dress and take a magic curve.
But when you see that movie so many times, you get to understand that it's extraordinary.
We now live and raised our kids in a kind of complex industrial symptom of child fantasy.
However, the magician of Oz was an event in itself.
It didn't start that trend.
The trend actually took over a hundred years later with correlation, extraordinary, another film whose protests -- a metal boy and a child child rescued a young girl as a man guard of the enemy.
Do you know what I'm talking about?  Yeah.
There's a big difference between these two films, there's a couple of big differences between the magician of Oz and all the films that we see today.
One is that there's very little violence in the magician of Other.
The monkeys are pretty aggressive, like apples.
But I think that if Min's magician was done today, the magician would say, "Hamp, you are the salvation of Oz as the product predicted it.
You use magic shoes to defeat the army computer-generated army.
But that's not what happens.
Another unique thing from the magician of Oz is that the most heroic characters and the most of them are women.
I started to notice this when I did Star Wars to my daughter a few years later, and the situation was different.
At that time, I also had a son.
three years old.
It wasn't invited to the projection because it was still very small for that.
But it was the second son, and the network of surgery had gone down.  So he stood up in the room and it was impressed as a leg with his parallels behind, and I don't think he understood what was happening, but incredibly absolute everything.
I wonder what it is.
Would it be issues of value, profitable and law?
Would the sense that Luke joined a military to defeat the government?
Compare this with the March of Oz in 1991.
How does Dorothy win your movie?
So making good friends with everyone and being a leaders.
It's the kind of world that I want my children to grow Done, OK? And not a world of men who fight, which is where we are.
Why is there so much capital force, force in films for our children, and so little of yellow lab?
There's a lot of literature about the impact of male violence movies in the girls, and you should read it. It's very good.
I haven't read so much about how kids react to this stimulus.
I know by experience that the Greek princess doesn't provide the right framework that would have been served to navigate the world of adults which is missing.  I think at the moment of the first kiss. I really expected the credit to start to appear because it's the end of the movie, right?
My search has finished, I have a boyfriend.
Why are you standing there?
I don't know what I should do.
The movies are focused on determinating the violence and get their reward, and they don't leave time for other relationships or other adventures.
It's almost like a child, you have to be a dumb animal, and if you're a girl, you have to use a suit of war.
There are many exceptions, and defend the princess of Disney to any of you.
But they send a message to the kids, even though they guys, they're not really their objective public.
They do a phenomenal job by teaching girls how to defend the paradigm, but they don't necessarily show kids how to defend the paradigm.
There's no model for them.
We also have some big women who write new stories for our kids, as real and lovely as Hello and Kansas, but they don't stop being war films.
Of course, the most successful topic of all time continues to appear in classic after classical after classical in a child, or two of them on the adventures of a child or a man, or two men who are friends, or a man and his son, or two men who were creating a child.
Until many of you are thinking, this year, finally came out there.
I recommend all of you. It's available in stores.
Do you remember what the criticism was when she came out there?
I can't believe that Pixar has made a movie of a pressure.
It's very good. Don't let it stop you."
Well, almost none of these films pass the test of Kelly.
I don't know if you've heard about this.
It hasn't yet been roots and it's already spread, but maybe we'll start a movement.
San Kelly is a comic discussion, and in the middle 1980s, I recorded a conversation that had had a friend about the evaluation of the movies they saw.
And it's very simple. There are only three questions that should be done, in the movie, is there more than a female character that has lines?
So, you have to fulfill the requirement.
These women talk to each other at some point in the movie?
Their conversations are about something more besides the kid than you like it?  Right? Thank you.  Thank you very much.
Two women who exist and talk about things between each other.
It happens. I've seen it, and yet very rarely I see it in the cinema we know and love.
In fact, this week, I went to see a very good quality, I do.
Right? Music Muslims of Chicken, an idea of consensus of what's a Hollywood Hollywood film.
It's essentially not the test of Kelly.
And I don't think I should, because a lot of the movie, I don't know if you've seen it, a lot of the movie happens in a slum where men and women hide during the crisis of the honest.
We have a lot of scenes of men who have deep conversations and painful conversations in this stage, and it's the big moment for one of the activities to take a look at the door and say, "You come to bed, hands?
This is Hollywood.
So let's look at the numbers.
In 2011, from the 100 more popular films, how many of them think they have female protests?
Oh. It's not bad.
It's not the same percentage that the number of women we've chosen recently for Congress, then it's okay.
But there's a bigger number that is going to break this room.
Last year, The New York Times published a study that the government had done.
This is what he said.
In the United States, one in five women says it's been sexually assaulted once in his life.
I don't think it's the guilt of mass entertainment.
I don't think the movies for children have something to do with that.
Nor I believe that music or pornography videos are closely linked but something is wrong, and when I hear that statistics, one of the things that I think is there's a lot of sexual services.
Who are those guys? What are you learning about?
What don't you do to learn?
Are you looking at the story that says that the role of a male hero is to defeat the rape with violence, and then covered the reward, which is a woman who doesn't have friends and doesn't talk?
Are we looking at that story?
You know, as a father with the privilege of raising a daughter like those of you who are doing the same thing, we find this world and this very alarming statistics and we want to prepare them.
We have tools to our disposal as to look at power, and we hope that that help, but I have to ask, is I going to ask you a question to protect them if at the same time, active or present, are we educating our children to keep their male power?
I mean, I think the list of Netflix is a way to do something really important, and here I mean primarily parents.
I think we need to show our children a new definition of man.
The definition of the male is radically changing.
You'll have read about how the new economy is changing the role that you care about home and the transparency.
Everything is changing.
When I asked my daughter, what was his favorite character of "Star Williams know what he responded with?
They referred to Kenya.
Release Kennedy and Galapy.
What are these two?
Maybe it's not just the bright dress.
I think they're experts.
I think these are the two people in those films that know more than anyone, and they love to share their knowledge with other people to help them achieve their potential.
They are leaders.
I like that kind of stories for my daughter, and I like that kind of stories for my son.
I want more stories like that.
I want fewer stories in which I tell my son, "Go and fight only and more stories where you see that their job is to join a team, maybe a team led by women, helping other people improve and be better people, like the magician.
Thank you.
As a child, I lived in Maine, and one of the things that I liked was to look for sea cookies in the coast of Maine because my parents told me that that would give me luck.
But you know, it's hard to find these contents.
They're covered by sand and it's hard to see them.
However, over time, I used to look at them.
I started to see shapes and patterns that helped me collecting them.
This became a passion for finding things, in a love for past and argument.
And finally when I started studying metabolism, I realized that I saw my own eyes wasn't enough.
Because, suddenly, in Egypt, my little beach in China had grown up to one of almost 1,300 miles of length next to the National.
And my sea cookies had grown to the size of cities.
This is really what led me to use satellite images.
To try to make a map of the past, I knew I had to do otherwise, I knew it had to do otherwise.
I want to show you an example of how different we see when we use the infrared infrared one.
This is a place that is located in the Eastern Eastern County called Benky.
And the place, in the naked view, seems to be brown, but when we use the infrared and we process it using fake color, suddenly the place looks like a brilliant rad.
What you're seeing are the actual chemical changes of landscape caused by the construction materials and the activities of the ancient Egyptians of the ancient Egyptians and the activities of the ancient Egyptian.
I want to share with you how we use satellite data to find an ancient Egyptian city, called the Tuberandounds lost for thousands of years.
There's the capital of the ancient Egypt for over 400 years in a period of time called the Middle Museum about 4,000 years ago.
The place is located in the Galapy, Egypt, and it's really important because in the Middle Empire, there was this great renaissance of ancient artificial art, architecture and religion.
The regions have always known that Tasmanian was located somewhere near the pyramids of the two kings that built them built, indicate inside the red circles here, but somewhere within this huge living planning.
This area is enormous. It is about six for nine kilometers.
Before, the National Nation just next to the state of The Tuberan and as it changed over time, moved to the east, and covered the entire city.
So how do you find a city in a strange patient?
I will try to find it random would be the equivalent of looking for a needle in a box, with the eyes sold and using baseball worms.
So we use NASA Newspases NASA data to make a map of the place, with very subtle changes.
We could see where the Nicole is.
But you can see more responsible, and it's even more interesting, this slightly elevated area that you see inside the circle here, that we think might be the location of Tubera.
So we collaborated with Egyptian scientists doing show jobs, you can see it here.
When I say, it's like the sample shots in ice, but instead of climate change, we look for layers of human complete.
Five meters down, under a thick layer of it, we found a layer of anti-term objects.
This means that in this possible location of the European -- five meters down, we have a layer of a number of hundreds of years that fall from the Middle Empire, exactly the same period we think is the TEDTalk.
We also found jobs of property and content, quartz and anti-protection, what shows there was a jewelry shop.
This might seem that it's not a lot, but when we think about the most common stones used in the Middle Mental, these are the stones that they were used.
So we have a dense layer of occupation that goes from the Middle Menucadion in this place.
We also have evidence of a elite jewelry workshop showing that what has been there, was a very important city.
We don't find the stuff out here, but we'll go back to the place in a near future to locate it.
And even more importantly, we have the resources to train young Egyptians in the use of satellite technology so that they can also make great discoveries.
I want to end up with my favorite quote from the Middle Menuel, probably was written in Turkey about 4,000 years ago.
To share knowledge is most of all advanced.
There's nothing like that on the ground.
So you know, TED was not founded in 1984 D. C.
They make the ideas really started in 1984 to C. in a lost city not for a long time and found from the top.
It certainly puts the pursuit of marine shells in perspective.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
I want to invite you to close your eyes.
Imagine standing outside, in front of the door of home.
I want you to pay attention to the color of the door, to the material that's done.
Now they visualize a group of obese nationalism in bicycle.
They're competing in a patent night race and go in direction to their entry door.
I need you to see this really.
They're predictable predictive, they're suffering, they are jumping a lot.
And they collide against the door of his house.
There are bicycles flying all over the place, wheels that go on the side of the wheels that end up in destructive places, pass the door of the door.
On the lobby, the hallway or whatever there is the other side of the door, and look at the quality of light. The shine light above the March Motor Motor Motor Motor Motor Motor Motor Motor Motor Motor Motor Motor Motor Motor Motor Model.
It's waving them with your hand.
From his chair, on a brown horse.
It's a horse that's talking about.
You can feel their blue light by making them wrong.
You can smell the blood cookie and you're just about to get into the mouth.
They go on the side and train their living room.
In the room, and doing maximum use of your imagination, imagine Britney Seattle.
He's with a little bit of clothes, dancing on his center card, singing House Bono God German German.
Now hold me into the kitchen.
The soil has been coated with a yellow yellow path and from the oven, comes to the Army -- the man of Lock, the Palestinian and the lion of "The Michelle of "Oh, sandwich from hands, jumping to you.
Okay. Open your eyes.
I want to tell you about a peculiar competition that takes place every spring in New York.
It's called the United States Membran in the United States.
I went to cover this event a few years ago as a scientific journalist, waiting for, I guess, that this would be like the end of a super-like superpower.
There were several men and a few different ladies of different ages and different shortcuts.
They were memorize hundreds of random numbers, looking at them just once.
They memorized the names of dozens and dozens of strangers.
They memorized entire poems in just minutes.
They compete to see who could memorize the order of a battle of nationalism.
And I thought, "This is incredible."
These people should be phenomena of nature.
And I started talking to some of the competitors.
This is a man named Ed Cologist who had come from England, and he has one of the best interventions.
I said, "Where do you realize that you were a sound?
Ed said, "I'm not a sound.
Actually, I have a average memory.
Everybody who's involved from this competition say they have normal memory.
"We have trained to perform these miraculous memory acts, using some ancient techniques, invented 2,500 years ago in Greece, the same techniques that they used to concern to memorize their speech, and that medieval academics used to memorize survivor books.
And my reaction was, "Wow, how did I have no heard of this before?
We were standing outside of the competition of competition, and Chinese, who is a wonderful and brilliant English, although a little cardiac said, "John, you're a American journalist.
Do you know Britney support?
And I said, "What? No, why?
Because I would like to teach Britney September how to memorize the order in a live living deck in national television.
That would prove to the world that anybody can do it."
And I said, "Well, I'm not Britney September, but maybe you can teach me.
So you have to start by something not?
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me.
I ended up spending most of the next year not only training my memory, but I'm also trying to figure out, trying to understand how it works, why sometimes it doesn't work, and what their potential can be.
I met a lot of really interesting people.
This is a guy named Emphoe.
He's simple, very likely for the worst memory in the world.
His memory was so bad that I didn't even remember that he had a memory problem, it's amazing.
Someone incredibly tragic -- but it was a window that allowed you to see how much our memory makes us who we are.
At the other end of the spectrum, I met this man.
This is Kim Pennic. He was based on the paper of Google Hollywood in the movie "Day."
We spent a afternoon together in the public library of Salt Lake City, memorize telephone books, and it was clarified.
And by coming back, I read a number of treaties about the written memory about 2,000 years ago in Latin, in the America, and then in the Middle Ages.
And I learned many really interesting things.
One of the most interesting things I learned is that there was a time when this idea of having trained memory, disciplined and cultivating was not as rare as it can look like today.
A long time, people invest in their memory, to provide their minds.
These techniques have made possible our modern world, but they've also changed us.
They have changed us culturally and I would say that they've changed us as well.
As we almost don't need to remember, sometimes we seem to have forgotten how to do it.
One of the latest places on our planet where people are still passionate about this idea of trained memory, disciplined and cultivating is this very unique competition of memory.
It's not really that simple, there are competition like this around the world.
I was fascinated I wanted to know how these people do.
A few years ago, a group of researchers at the University of London invited a group of memory champions to the lab.
Do you want to know: Is it going to be that it has brains in some way, structural or dramatically different from the rest of us?
The answer was, no.
Are they more intelligent than the rest of it?
They gave them a profit of cognitive tests, and the answer was actually not.
There was yet a really interesting and significant difference between the brains of memory champions and the control of control of control with them compared them.
When they put them in a magnetic MRI machine, they scan their brains as they memorize numbers and faces and forms of snow, they found that in memory champions they were removed parts of the brain, different to others.
They actually used to, or they seemed to use, a part of the brain that involves space memory and navigation memory.
Why? Is there something we can learn from this?
The tournament of competitive memory is driving as an armed career where every year appears someone with a new way to remember more things, faster, and then the rest of the competitors must be put on the day.
This is my friend Ben Princeton, three times a memory camp.
In his desk, in front of him, there are 36 battles of pressure that he's about to try to die in an hour, using a technique that he invented and only he mastered him.
He used a similar technique to memorize the precise order of 47 random boots.
In half a hour. Yeah.
And while there's a lot of ways to remember things in these competition, absolutely all the techniques used at the end of the end of the fact that psychologists call the "The "Facebook deconstruction."
It was started with a paradox collection known as "Parachu Paradian definition, "I tell two people who remember the same word, I tell you to you -- you know, there's a man named "Balker that is called the Baby."
That's his name.
And then I ask you, "You remember there's a "Path "ground bench."
And when I go back later, and I ask you to remember that word I told you a "Google done?
"You remember what it was?
The person who told him their name is Barrier is unlikely to remember the same word that the person who told him their work is "being a baby."
The same word, different capability. That's weird.
What happens here?
Well, the name Babylon, doesn't really mean anything for you.
With all the other memories that dance for their head.
But the word, "Hello. We know a leg.
They use white hat.
They have a breath in your hands.
They smell good when they come home to work.
We probably know some baker.
And when we hear that word for the first time, we began to put excited income to make them easy at some time.
One of the most elaborate techniques to do this is about 2,500 years ago in ancient Europe.
It's known as the Birthy market."
The story says, there was a poet called "Tension that attended a battle.
They had hired it as entertainment, because before, if you wanted to give a very good party, it didn't bring to a Dong, he hired a poet.
He stood up, he repeated his memory poem, and he was done, and so soon it was, the salary room collapsed out.
killing them all.
But I didn't just kill them all, but I broke the bodies by giving them recognized.
Nobody could say who was there, nobody could remember where they were sitting.
So they couldn't bury the bodies.
One tragedy behind the other.
So the single second, standing outside, only one survivor, in the middle of the rubble, close the eyes and realized that with the eyes of his mind, I could see where he had been sitting on every invention.
I took the family family family to where they were their loved beings between rubble.
What Singam activists at that moment is something that we all know more or less intuitively -- and that is that no matter whether we're not good at remembering names or phone phone phone phone or instructions for our colleagues, we have visual memory and spatial space.
If I asked you to remember the first 10 words of the story that I just told you about Jessels, it's very likely to be very difficult to do it.
But I would bet that if I asked you who was sitting on the barrier horse in their lobby, they would be able to visualize it.
The idea of the memory of memory is to create this building with the eyes of your mind and pollution of images with the things that you want to remember -- the more crazy, liberation, discovery, discovery and post-conflict is the image, more inevitable to be.
This is a advice that comes from over 2,000 years ago, to the first treated memory, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in the last.
And how does it work?
Let's say that you have been invited to the TED stage to give a talk and you want to do it in memory, the same way that you would have done it to Symphony about 2,000 years ago.
What you could do is imagine that you're on the door of your house.
And to figure out some kind of absolutely ridiculous, crazy and unpredictable image to help you remember that the first thing you want to mention is that completely idealistic competition.
And then you can imagine coming into your house, and you can see the Mountain Museum mounted by Mister C.
And that would remind you that they want to introduce your friend Ed Cologis.
And then you would see Britney Seattle to remind you that funny anecdote that you want to tell.
And then they would go into the kitchen, and the fourth subject that they would talk would be that strange journey that they did for a whole year, and they have some friends to help them remember it.
This is how the Roman roofs memorize their speech, not word for word, which is going to confuse it, but typical per capita.
In fact, the term "Patient comes from the Greek Greek that means "The "science?"
It's a view of when people thought about the story and the rhetoric with this sort of space terms.
The phrase "different place? It would be like the first place in its memory memory.
I saw this was just fascinating, and I got rid of full of it.
I went to some of these memory competitions, and I had the idea of writing something about this subject of competitive memories.
But there was a problem.
The problem was that a memory competition is a little boring event.
Seriously, it's like looking at a lot of people sitting on exhibitions. I mean, the most exciting thing that happens is when someone gets to kill the front.
I'm a journalist, and I need to be able to write about something.
I know there are amazing things happening in the minds of these people, but I don't have access.
I realized that if I was going to tell this story, I needed to try to put it in his place.
So I started going 15 or 20 minutes every morning, before I sat down to see the New York Times, just trying to remember something.
Maybe a poem. Or the names of an ancient school liver bought in a police market.
And I discovered that this was incredibly entertaining.
I'd never expected it to be.
It was strengthed, because it wasn't just training memory.
What's really about doing is to improve the ability to create and imagine these ridiculous images and the computer images, compassion, paintings, answers and expensive bear, in the eye of the mind.
I was pretty excited about this.
This is me, using my standard team of training for memory competition.
It's a couple of dollars and some security glasses covered with tape leaving only two holes, because the distraction.
I ended up coming back to the same competition I had covered a year before. I had the idea that I could enter a kind of participatory journalistic experiment.
I thought this could serve good school for all my research.
The problem was that the experiment came out of control.
And I won the competition -- something that didn't have to happen.
Of course, it's nice to be able to memorize speech, and phone numbers, and lists of engagement, but actually this is not the point.
These are just tricks.
Because they're based on pretty basic principles about how the brain works.
And it's not necessary that they are going to be able to build memory families or memory battle batteries, to benefit with a little bit about how your mind works.
We often talk about people with a big memory as if it would be an innate ear, but it's not the case.
The big memories are educated.
At the most basic level, we remember when we pay attention.
We remember when we were deeply focused on.
The memory of memory, these memory techniques, are just shortcuts.
In fact, they're not even shortcuts.
They work because they make us work.
They force a kind of deep processing process, a kind of complete attention that most of them don't go through the way there.
But the reality is that there are no shortcuts.
That's how things are made beautiful.
And if there is something I want to leave you today, that's what I wanted to leave you today, the meaning I couldn't even remember that I had a memory problem, I left myself to me, which is the notion that life is the sum of our memories.
How much are we willing to lose from what is already our short existence in the Bells or the iPhone, not paying attention to being human in front of us, who walks around our side, will be so honest that we don't even bother processing in properties?
I learned from first hand that there are incredible memory capabilities in all of us.
But if you want to live a memorable life, you must be the kind of person who remembers remember.
Thank you.
Today I'm going to talk to you about the last 30 years of the history of architecture.
It's a lot to cover in 18 minutes.
It's a complex topic, so we'll just take a complex place, New Jersey.
Because 30 years ago, I'm from North Jersey, I was six years old, and I lived there in my parents' home in a village called Galapago, and this was my child's bedroom.
In the corner, from my bedroom, I was the bathroom that shared with my sister.
And between my dorm and the bathroom, there was a balcony.
And there they all spent the rat watching the telly -- so every time I was going from my room to the bathroom, everybody saw me. And every time I was left and I wrapped back on a towel.
And I was like this.
It was press, and he was surrounded and hated it.
He hated that journey, hated that ball, hated that room and that house.
That's the architecture.
They ready?
Those feelings, those emotions that I felt, that is the power of architecture, because architecture is not about mathematics, no division of zones but from those visceral connections, emotional connections, that we feel in the places we occupy about.
And it's not to extract that we sit in that way, because according to the Environmental Protection Agency -- Americans spend 90 percent of their time underground.
I mean, 90 percent of the time we're surrounded by architecture.
That's a lot.
Architecture determines us in ways we don't even notice.
That makes us a little naive. And very, very predictable.
This means that when I show you a building like this, I know what fascinates you, think about "The power of "The -- "The space and "The recommendation."
And I know that you think about it that it was going to be based on a building built 2,500 years ago by the Greeks.
This is a trick.
It's an appeal that architects use to create an emotional connection with the ways we build our buildings.
It's a predictable emotional connection, we've used this trick for a long, long time.
We use it 200 years ago to build banks.
We use it in the 19th century to build art museums.
And in the 20th century, we use it to build homes.
Look, these stable physicians, solid sounds, in front of the sea, away from the elements.
This is very, very useful, because building things is terrifying.
It's expensive, it takes a long time and it's very complicated.
The people who build -- urbanization and governments, always have fear of innovation, and they prefer to use ways that know they're going to work.
So we found buildings like this.
It's a nice building.
This is the Public Library of Galapy who ended up in 2004, in my hometown, and, you know, it has a dome -- it has this red thing, columns -- red line, that let you train what Galapy is trying to communicate with this building -- the children, the property values of the story.
But it doesn't have a lot to do with a library of today.
That same year, in 2004, on the other side of the country, was finished in another library, which looks like this.
It's in Seattle.
This library shows how we use the media of communication in the digital age.
It's a new kind of public equipment for the city, a place to get together, read and share.
So how is it possible that in the same year, in the same country, two buildings, both of these buildings, are so completely different?
And the answer is that architecture works on the principle of the proportion.
On one side is innovation -- architects that constantly drive new technologies, new technologies, new solutions for life forms today.
We forget, we pushed together and we pushed so much to us from the people.
All of a black -- this is definitely defensed. You think we feel very well, but we're dead inside because we don't have another option.
We need to go to the other side and come back with those appropriate symbols.
So we do that, and we are all happy, but we feel like the transitions, so we started to experience again, we make a picture of the back back forward and over and over again. So we've done it in the last 300 years, and of course in the last 30 years.
Well, 30 years ago we went out of the '70s.
The architects were busy experimenting with the so-called "Texas."
It has to do with concrete.
That can be guess.
Small windows, in subjective scale.
Something really hard.
So we approached the 1980s, and we started to incorporate those symbols.
We push the picture again in the other direction.
We take those shapes that we know that we like and update them.
We add out and add cake and use new materials.
They love them.
We don't give it stream.
We took marinergars California and turn them into skyscrapers that can be translated translations made of glass.
The shapes were sucked, they won in audacity and colorful control.
The men became common.
The civilians grew up to the size of buildings.
A madness.
But they were the '80s, that was great.
We all spent the stage in commercial centers, we moved to the neighborhoods, and there, in the suburbs, we can create our own architectural attacks.
Those fantasies could be to the communication, the French or the Italian.
And possibly with a bread of bread.
This is what happens with show.
This is what happens with symbols.
They're easy, they're cheap, because instead of creating new spaces, we create memories from other places.
I know very well, and all of you know, this is not the Sacrotan.
This is Rio.
The architects feel frustrated and we started making a picture of new direction in the other direction.
In the '80s and early '90s, we started experimenting with the so-called instruments.
We will take the historical symbols, we now count with new design techniques, and we find ourselves with new components -- some forms that stars up against other forms.
This is academic and computer, and it's super popular -- you have totally shut out.
Normally, the post-conflict pop back in opposite direction.
But then something surprising happened.
In 1997, this building.
It's the Mandela of British, from Frank George.
This building changed fundamentally the relationship of the world with architecture.
Paul Burden said that Bilbao was one of those rare moments when critics and academics and public in general, were completely according to a building.
The New York Times demand this construction of miracle.
The tourism in Bilbao increased in a 2,500 percent when they finished the building.
So all of a sudden, everybody wanted one of those buildings -- Los Angeles, Seattle, Chicago, New York, Cleveland, Prince.
Everybody wanted one, and George was everywhere.
He was our first star architect.
But how is it possible that these forms and wild and radical -- how is it possible to become ubiquitous all over the world?
And it happened, because the media moved around them, and we quickly learned that those shapes mean culture and suit.
We've created an emotional reaction with these forms.
They did the main mayor of the world.
So everybody believed that if they had these forms, they had culture and suit.
This phenomenon of the beginning of the new millennium, with other stars.
I went to Macholika and to Redwood, and what happened with these few elite architects in the threshold of the new millennium, actually started going through the entire architecture, the digital media started to increase the speed of information consumption.
You think, for example, how architecture.
A thousand years ago, you'd have to have walked up to the next village to see a building.
The transportation is speeding up, you can take a boat, a plane, can be tourists.
Technology accelerates -- you can see in the newspapers, on the telly phone, and at the end, we're all photographers of architecture, and the building is transported beyond its physical location.
Architecture is everywhere right now, that means that the speed of communications finally has reached the speed of architecture.
Because architecture moves so fast.
It doesn't take a lot of time to think about a building.
It takes a lot of time to build a building, three or four years, and at that time, an architect can design two, eight, or 100 buildings more, before you know if that I designed four years ago was a success or not.
Because there's never been good feedback in architecture.
That's how we find buildings like this.
The influence wasn't a two-year movement, but 20 years old.
For 20 years, we were building buildings like this because we had no idea how much they tested them.
That's never going to happen, I think, because we're in the threshold of the greatest revolution in architecture from the invention of ants, steel or stress, and it's the media revolution.
My theory is that when you apply the computer to media, it starts to become increasingly fast, until it will be in both extremes almost in simulation, and it spreads effectively the difference between innovation and symbol, between us, the architects, and you, the public.
Now we can make symbols almost intentionally, with emotional charges of something completely new.
I'm going to show you how the system works on a project that my company ended up recently.
We were hired to replace this building that went on.
This is the center of a village called Parks at Fine Island, in the state of New York.
It's a community of vacation.
But that meant that two years before the building, it was already part of the community, and as the drawings looked exactly to the product, there were no surprises.
The building came to be part of the community. That first summer, when people started coming and shared it in social media, the building stopped being just a building, became a media, because these aren't just images of a building, are the images that you made of the building.
And as you use them to tell their story, they become part of the personal narrative, and that makes corruption with collective memory, and when we charge these symbols, we learn.
I mean, we don't need the Greeks to tell us how to think about architecture.
We can tell us what we think about architecture, because digital media has not only changed the relationship between us, but they've changed the relationship between us and buildings.
Think for a second in those Billion Billion Billion.
If that building is built today, we go to the Internet in search for New objects."
We would be bombarded with examples of experiment, of innovation, about what a library might be.
That's communication.
Companies that can lead to the mayor of Galapy, the people in Galapage, and tell you that there's no unique answer to what a library can be today.
Let's be part of this.
This abundance of solutions gives the freedom to experience it.
It's all different now.
architects are no longer those mysterious creatures that use grandmas and complicated drawings, and one is no longer a designer who doesn't accept anything that has not seen before.
architects can listen to you, and you don't let the architecture.
That means that the key score of one style to another, from one movement to another, is irrelevant.
In fact, we can go ahead and find appropriate solutions to the problems facing society.
This is the end of the history of architecture, and it means that the buildings tomorrow will be very different to buildings today.
This means that a public space in the ancient city of Silicon can be unique and adapted to the measure of a modern city.
This means that a stadium in Brooklyn can be that, a stadium in Brooklyn, and not a bad historical imitation of red brick based on ideas of what a stadium should be.
This means that a few robots will be able to build our buildings, because we'll finally be ready for the shapes that are going to produce.
That means that buildings extend to the whims of nature and not the opposite.
This means that a parking garage in Miami Beach, Florida, can also serve for sports or for yoga or even you can marry there at night.
This means that three architects can dream in the East East in New York City, and raise half a million dollars of the community together around that cause, it's no longer a customer alone.
It means that no building is too small for innovation, such as this little pavilion of rest, as well as common and hopeful as the animals that are going to look at.
Because no matter whether it's a cow or a robot who builds our buildings.
It doesn't matter how we built, what matters is what we build.
architects already know how to make more ecological buildings, smarter and more kind.
We've been waiting for all of you to do it.
Finally, we're no longer at the opposite side.
Find an architect, pick it up and work together to make better buildings, better cities, for a better world, because there's a lot of play.
Buildings don't only reflect our society, but they shape the smallest spaces, the local libraries -- the homes where we form our children, and the step step to the bathroom.
Thank you very much.
This is my niece, Star.
It just turned out a year and he started walking.
And it makes it a great way, typical of the children of a year, being based on as if your body was moving too fast for their legs.
It's totally accurate.
And one of the things you like to do for the moment is to look at the mirror.
She really loves his reflection.
It's laughing and school, and it gives itself those big and fear banks.
It's beautiful.
Unfortunately, all of their friends do this, and my mom tells me that I used to do this, and he made me think, when do I get to do this?
How do we suddenly not like our application?
Because apparently we don't like it.
Every month, 10,000 people are looking for Google "Am "I read?
This is Facebook, it's 13 years old and lives in Venter.
And as any teenager -- it just wants to be wanted and fit up.
It's Sunday at night.
It's preparing for the next week in school.
It has a little scary. It's a little confused because, even though his mom tells him all the challenge that is beautiful, every day in school, someone tells you that it's ugly.
Among what his mom says to him and what his friends or colleagues of school tell him, he doesn't know who to believe.
So a video of her, he published it on YouTube, and he asks others to please leave a comment -- "Am I a little bit great or am I read?
Well, so far, Facebook has received over 13,000 comments, behavior.
Some of these are so speculative, which doesn't even deserve the dinner to think about them.
We talk about a healthy, normal and current teenager, which gets these answers in one of the stages of their most vulnerable life events.
Thousands of people are publishing videos like this, in their most teenage girls trying to communicate this way.
But what's going to be doing this?
Well, today's teenagers are almost never alone.
They're under pressure to be online and available all the time, talking about, containing me, giving me "I like: coming on, sharing -- this is never finished.
Never before we have been so connected, in a continuous way, very young.
As a mother told me, "It's like there's a party in your room all night?
There's just no privacy.
And the social pressures that go from hand with that are impossible.
This environment, of being always connected, is dealing with our kids to go down based on the number of me."
There's no division between a life online and real life.
It's really hard to know the differences between what is real or what it's not.
And also, it's very difficult to know the difference between what is authentic and what is manipulated by the digital thing.
What is the most sacred thing in somebody's life in front of what's normal in a daily context?
And where are you looking for the discovery?
Well, you can see the kind of images that are set out of the news of the girls of now.
Plast steel models continue to dominate our parallels.
The collaboration technique is now a routine now.
And trends like, "Honorman, Hawking, Library and Paris.
For those of you who recognize it, Paris means "French is involved."
These trends are associated from women in today's popular culture.
It's not hard to see what young people compare to.
But kids are not immune to this.
Like the superheroes of the sports and the comparative singers of sport.
But what's the problem with all this?
Well, surely we want our children to grow healthy and individuals are well balanced.
But in a culture obsessed by the image, we're teaching our kids to spend more time and mental effort to their appearance, to the price of all the other aspects of their identity.
Things like their relationships, the development of their physical skills, their studies and other aspects begin to suffer.
Six in 10 girls prefer not to do something because they think you don't see good enough.
These are not trivial activities.
They are fundamental activities for growth as human beings, and as you contribute to society and the field of labor development.
31 percent, almost one in three teenagers are not interested in class. They avoid participating in the classroom devices because they don't want to call attention for their physical aspect of it.
One in five are not sitting in classes at all, when they don't feel comfortable about it.
And in the rainy season, if you don't think you see you good enough, specifically if you don't think you are thin enough, you get a less note to the average of your peers who don't care about that of appearance.
And this phenomenon has been widespread in Finland and the United States and China.
And it is regardless of what they actually weigh these young people.
So, for which it is very clear to us, we're talking about how you see you, not how you are really true.
The low self-esteem on his body is delicing academic performance.
And it's also reducing health.
The adolescents with low self-esteem do less physical activity, they eat less fruits and vegetables, participating in more distinctive diet that they can bring them into food destroy.
They have low self-esteem.
They're more easily influenced by people around them and are at greater risk of depression.
And we think that's why they make more arrested decisions, like alcohol consumption and drug disasters, structures -- aesthetic care relationships to early ages and without protection and for anti-protected damage.
The pursuit of the perfect body is pushing the health care system, and our government costs billions of dollars every year.
And we're not controlling it.
Women who believe they have a bit of overweight negotiation, regardless of whether they have or have no sense of senses.
17 percent of women are not presented to a job interview in one day where they don't feel safe with the way they see.
Think for a moment in what this is doing to our economy.
If we could overcome this, what would that be?
releasing this potential is interest for each of us.
But how do we do that?
Well, talking, for itself, doesn't take you very far.
Not enough.
If you really want to change things, you have to do something.
And we've learned that there are three key forms -- the first one is that we have to instill trust in your own body.
We need to help our teenagers develop strategies to overcome the pressure of perfect imagery and build their self-esteem.
The good news is that there are many programs available to do it.
The bad news is that most of these don't work.
I was very surprised when I learned that many well-intentioned programs -- without realizing the situation.
So we need to make sure that the program that our children follow not just to have a positive impact but also a lasting impact.
And research studies show that the best programs focus on six key areas, the first one is the influence of family, friends and relationships.
These six aspects are crucial points for any willing to provide an education in body self-esteem that works.
An education is fundamental -- but facing this problem requires each of us that take the yields on the issue, and we're a better role model to continue for women and girls in our own lives.
And the current status of how women are seen and mentioned in our circles.
It's not good to count with the introduction of our politicians in the eyes of hair or the size of their fish, or to continue that the determination or success.
We need to start judge people by what they are, not as they look like.
All of us can start doing it by taking responsibility for the kind of images and comments that we published in our social networks.
We can praise people based on their effort and their actions and not in their appearance.
And let me ask you when it was the last time you got a book?
In short, we have to work together as communities, as governments and as companies, to really change our culture, so that our children grow to value their entire person, valuing individuality, diversity, animation.
We have to put people who actually make a difference in a protection.
To make a difference in the real world, we make them the ones that come out on the big screen because we just create a different world.
A world where our children are free to become the best version of themselves, where they think they will never be able to be who they are, or to achieve what they want in their lives.
Think about what this can mean for someone in their lives.
Who are they in mind?
wife.
A hands?
children?
A sense of your child? A friend?
Could it be simply the woman who is two hundred hundred years away. What would it mean for her if it was liberated from that autistic voice in her inside that he was sorry to have no long legs -- the more thin sides, a more flat planet, smaller the younger leaves.
What would it mean for her if we overcome this and we would say risk to their potential in that way?
Right now, the obsession of our culture with images is providing us all.
But let's teach our children the truth.
Let's teach the way you see is just a part of your identity, and that the truth is that we love them for those who are and why they do, and as they make us feel.
We include self-esteem in our schools.
We change each of us, the way we talk about and compare to other people.
And we work together as a community, from small groups to governments, so that the small journeys of a year's age of age are becoming agents of safe change of themselves tomorrow.
Let's do it.
On November five of November -- a gentleman named "The "The Stanford Anderson entered a hotel in Manhattan and killed the Bank Bang Bank, the leader of the Defense Leadership Leader.
And we initially declared it initially accepted, but being pushed up by other minor charges, each other, started planning attacks at about 12 New York City, including tunnels, sexuals and the United Nations.
Luckily, those plans frustrated by an FBI informant report.
Sadly, the bomb of 1993 in the World Trade Center, couldn't be avoided anymore.
It would later be convicted by their participation in that state.
"The Stanford Now is my father.
I was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, 1983.
Only when I was seven years old, our family started to change.
My father taught me a way of Islam, which very few of the Muslims, even most Muslims come to know.
By experience, I saw that when people take time to interact -- don't require much to get the same things in life.
However, in all human group, in all human groups, there's always a small fraction of people who are surrounded so heavily to their convictions that you think you have to use all the possible media for everybody to live like them.
A few months before the arrest he felt with me and explained to me that in the last few weeks, he and some friends had been going to land training in Long Island, to practice.
He said to me the next day.
We came to the Singapore of Samudi Sam who, without knowing our group, was raped by the FBI.
When I got to throw up, my father helped me hold the film in the shoulder and explained to me how to point the goal to about 30 meters.
That day, with the last bullet I shot I gave the little orange light on the goal, and for surprise of all, especially me, all the goal in flames.
My uncle came back to the others and in Arabic, he said "Start "Start" said.
From such a parent, such a child.
At all, the comment produced a lot of laughter, but just a few years later, I understood what it looked so funny.
They saw in me, the same level of destruction that my father could cause.
Those people later would be convicted to put a payload with 700 pounds of explosives in the underground parking of the North Trade Center, causing an explosion that killed six people and he took another 1,000.
I admired those men.
I called them "Mommy?
When I turned 19, I had moved 20 times. That instability during my childhood was not allowed me to do a lot of triangles.
Every time I started feeling comfortable about someone was already time to go and go to another city.
As it was always me the new face of the class with frequency was a map of machines.
I built secret my identity to avoid being the white, but it will be the new of class, silence and speed, was enough communication.
So most of the time I spent it in house reading books, watching TV or playing video games.
For these reasons I did not develop social skills, to say it gently -- for growing under fancy, I wasn't prepared for the real world.
I was educated to judge people, based on arbitrary indicators like their race or their religion.
So how could I open your eyes?
One of the first experiences that put up my way of thinking was during the presidential elections of 2000.
In a university program in which I participated in the National National Convention, in Philadelphia.
My group was focused on the subject of juvenile violence, as I had been victim of marriage almost all my life, was something that I felt a lot of passion.
The members of this group came from various processes.
One day, at the end of the convention, I discovered that one of the kids who we had done friendship was heading.
It took several days to go out to the light this detail and realized that there was no animation between the two.
I had never had a Jewish friend and I was really proud to have been able to beat the barrier that all life had made me believe that it was sure.
Another crucial moment emerged when I got a summer job in Bush Garden, a park park.
I met with people about all kinds of beliefs and cultures, that experience was fundamental in the development of my character.
The whole life had taught me that the homosexual was a sin and, by extension, all of the gay hormones were bad influence.
By the way, I had the opportunity to work with homosexual actors there, in a show, and I could see that several of them were the most good and less critical that I had seen in life.
Having been a kid, I developed a sense of empathy to the suffering of others, but it wasn't easy for me to treat people, exactly the way I would have wanted to be treated.
For that feeling I could hire the stereotypes that had taught me a kid, with the experience of interaction in real life.
I don't know how to be a child, but I know what is being judged by something beyond my control.
Then came the Daily Macholika.
Every night -- Jon Stewart made me be brutally honest about my controversias, and helped me see that the race of people, religion or sexual orientation, they have nothing to do with character.
In many ways he became my father's shape at a time when I was desperately desperate by it.
In occasion, inspiration can come from the unexpected thing, and that a Jewish comedian would have had a better influence in my life than my own father, shell, was not in vain.
One day I had a conversation with my mother about how I was changing my way of thinking, and she told me something that will be preserved in my heart for always, while she's alive.
She looked at me with the eyes of someone who has suffered enough with antibiotics and said, "I'm tired of predictive."
At that time, I realized how much negative energy takes to keep all that hatred on your inside.
My real name is not "Japanese Chinese.
It changed when my family decided to break the relationship with my father and start a new life.
So why do I decide to go out and put it in a potential risk?
Well, it's simple.
I've done it because I hope that someone, one day, who is trying to take violence -- can hear my story and understand that there's a better path, which even though I was forced to this violent ideology and interestingly, I didn't get to make me happy."
On the contrary, I decided to use my experience to fight terrorism and against prejudice.
I do it for the victims of terrorism and for their loved ones, for the terrible pain and the losses that terrorism has been produced in their lives.
For the victims of terrorism to speak, they against those consequences without sense, as rejection to my father's actions.
And with this simple I'm talking to you here as evidence that violence is not inherent to any religion or race, that children don't have to follow their parents.
I'm not my father.
Thank you.  Thank you all.  Thank you.  Thank you very much.
At this point, there's a movie that's projected in your mind.
It's an incredible crazy movie.
It's in 3D, and it has a southern sound of what you hear and see right now. But that's just the beginning.
Your film has love, taste and texture.
It feels your body, your pain, your hunger, your pleasure.
It has emotions, color and happiness.
It has memories, as moments of your childhood who were projected before your eyes.
And it has constantly a voice in your conscious consciousness stream.
The heart of the movie is you who experience everything.
This film is your consciousness, the subject of the experience of the mind and the world.
Consciousness is one of the fundamental truths of human existence.
Each of us is conscious.
We all have an internal movie of you, you, you and you.
There's nothing we know more directly.
At least, I know I have a conscious consciousness.
I have no certainty that you are conscious.
Consciousness is also the reason to live.
If we weren't aware of it, nothing in our lives would make sense or value.
But at the same time it's the most mysterious phenomenon in the universe.
Why are we conversation?
Why do we have these internal experiments?
Why aren't we just robots that we have to produce results without experience the internal experiment?
Right now, nobody knows the answers to those questions.
I suggest that to integrate consciousness to science, you need some radical ideas.
Some people say it's impossible a science of consciousness.
Science, by nature, is goal.
The consciousness, by nature, is subjective.
So there can never be a science of consciousness.
Because for almost all the 20th century, I lost that vision.
So psychology was studying the behavior, and the neuroscience was studying the brain, but nobody mentioned consciousness.
Even 30 years ago, when TED started, there were very few scientific jobs about consciousness.
Then, 20 years ago, everything started to change.
And neuroscientists like Francis Crick and physicists like Roger Pennsylvania said, "Now it's time for science to deal with consciousness.
And since then, there was a real explosion of the scientific work flourishing about consciousness.
And this work was fantastic. It was great.
But it also has fundamental limitations until the moment.
The center of the science of consciousness in recent years was the pursuit of relationships, relationships among some areas of the brain and some states of consciousness.
We saw some of this guy in the fantastic work that Nancy Kansas did a few minutes ago.
Now we understand a lot better, for example, the areas of the brain that are related to the conscious experience of seeing faces or feeling happy or feeling happy.
But this is still a science of relationships.
It's not a science of explanation.
We know that these areas of the brain are related to certain kinds of conscious experiences, but we don't know why.
I'd like to explain to you that this kind of work of neuroscience answers some questions that we want to explain consciousness. The questions about what they do certain areas of the brain and what they correlate with.
But in a sense, those are the easy problems.
It's not going to offend the scientists.
Actually, there are no easy problems with consciousness.
Well, I don't deal with the real central mystery of this matter, why all physical processes in the brain have to be accompanied by consciousness by consciousness.
Why is there a subjective internal experiment?
At this point, we can't understand it.
And you can say, let's give it a few years to neuroscience.
It's going to become another emerging phenomenon like the beaches, like the fluids, like life, and we're going to find explanation.
The typical markets are all sorts of emergent behaviors, how the balloons operate -- how the flowers work, how they reproduce them, they adapt and replace living organisms -- they're all questions about the objective function.
That could be applied to the human brain to explain some behaviors and the functions of the human brain as a emergent phenomenon, how we walk, how we speak, how we play chess -- they're all questions about behavior.
But when it comes to consciousness, the questions about behavior are among easy problems.
But the hard problem, is the question of why is it that all behavior is accompanied from a subjective experience?
And here it is, the standard paradigm of suffering, the standard paradigm of neuroscience, actually still doesn't have much to say.
I am a heart scientist.
I want a scientific theory of the professor that works. For a long time, I was beating my head against the wall looking for a theory of consciousness in pure physical terms that would work.
But in the end, I got to the conclusion that that didn't work for systematic reasons.
And I think we were stuck at this point.
We have a chain of wonderful explanations, great. We used to -- physics explains chemistry, chemistry explains biology, biology explains part of psychology.
But consciousness doesn't seem to fit in this scheme.
On the one hand, it's a fact that we are conscious.
So we don't know how to accommodate that idea to our scientific view of the world.
I think consciousness right now, is a kind of an anomaly, something that we need to integrate our view of the world, but we don't know how to do.
With an anomaly like this, you can need radical ideas -- I think we need ideas that at first seem crazy before we can deal with consciousness in a scientific way.
There are some possibilities for those crazy ideas.
My friend Dan Doctors, who's here today, has one.
His crazy idea is that there's no such a hard problem of consciousness.
The whole idea of the inner subjective film includes a kind of illusion or confusion.
Actually, what you have to do is explain the objective functions of the brain, the behaviors of the brain, and this is what it takes to study everything that needs explanation to.
Well, more power for him.
That's the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a purely regional consciousness theory based on the brain.
At the same time, for me and for many others, that vision is pretty close to simply deny that the observation of consciousness is satisfying.
But I am in a different direction.
In the time I left, I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be a promise.
The first crazy idea is that consciousness is critical.
physicists sometimes take some aspects of the universe as fundamental landscapes, space and time and mass.
They have fundamental laws that govern governments, like the laws of gravity or quantum mechanics.
These laws and properties are not explained in terms of any more basic terms.
Instead, they consider fundamental and then you build the world.
Sometimes the list of the fundamental is bad.
In the 19th century, March found that you can't explain the electromagnetic phenomena in terms of fundamental concepts of conceptual concepts space, space time, mass of Newton, and so I put the basic laws of experiments, and I put the electrical charge as a fundamental concept that those laws govern in.
I think that's the situation that we find ourselves with consciousness.
If you can't explain consciousness in terms of fundamental ideas, space, time, mass, charge -- then by a matter of logic, you have to clear the list.
The most natural thing would be to popular the awareness itself as a fundamental physicist, a fundamental brick of nature.
This doesn't mean that suddenly it's not about science.
It opens up the road to handle it scientifically.
So what we need is to study the fundamental laws that govern consciousness, the laws that connect consciousness with other fundamental concepts -- the space, the time, physical processes.
physicists sometimes say that we want fundamental laws that we can track them in a death.
The situation of consciousness is something like this.
We want to find fundamental laws so simple that we can track them in a t-shirt.
We still don't know what laws are, but that's what we need.
The second crazy idea is that consciousness can be universal.
Every system can have a degree of consciousness.
This vision is sometimes called "accounting" -- "Paris for everybody, "People in mind, every system is conscious -- not only humans, dogs -- the flies, even the microbes of Rob Killanic, the elementary particles.
Even a gene has some degree of consciousness.
The idea is not that photons are smart or you think.
It's not that a pole can be filled with distress when you think "Hey, always traveling at the speed of light.
I can never slow down and smell the roots."
No, no.
But the thought is that maybe the photons can have some element of crude feeling, subjective -- some primitive precursor of consciousness.
This can sound a little bit crazy for you.
How do someone think about something so little?
In part this comes from the first crazy idea, that consciousness is a fundamental thing.
If it's fundamental -- like space, time and mass, is natural to assume that it can also be universal, like others.
It also is worth noticing that although the idea is going to be graphic, it's much less for people in different cultures, where the human mind seems more an continuum with nature.
A deeper reason comes from the idea that perhaps the simplest and powerful way of finding fundamental laws that relate to the thinking with physical process, is by linking awareness with information.
Whenever there's information processing -- there's consciousness.
Process of complex information, like a human being, complex consciousness.
Simple information processing, simple consciousness.
One really exciting thing is that in the recent years, a constitution, Guitan Someon, took this kind of theory, and development is also developing with mathematical methods.
It has a mathematical measure of information, which is called the Chinese, which measures the degree of information integrated in a system.
And he is supposed to have to do with consciousness.
So in a human brain, there is an incredible degree of information integration, a high state of spider, a lot of consciousness.
In a mouse there is a degree of information integration, very significant, very significant degree of consciousness very important.
But when you get to the worms, microbes and particles -- the degree of Hisualk says.
The level of information integration is lower, but it's not zero either.
In National theory, there is still a level of different consciousness of zero.
It actually provides a fundamental law of consciousness, high degree of spider, high degrees of consciousness.
Also, another reason is that the generation can help us integrate consciousness to the physical world.
physicists and philosophers often have observed that physics is curiously abstract.
It describes the structure of reality using a lot of equations -- but it doesn't tell us about the reality that underlies underneath.
As Stephen Hawking, "Where is the fire of the spaces?
From the passionate vision the equations of physics can be left as they are, but you can use to describe the flow of consciousness.
That's what physicists do basically describe the flow of consciousness.
According to this vision, consciousness is the one that puts fire in equations.
In that vision, consciousness is not outside of the physical world as a kind of analysis.
It's right there in the center.
This view, I think, political vision, has the potential to ensure our relationship with nature, and it can have social consequences and ethical consequences.
Some can be graphic.
I used to think that I shouldn't eat anything that I had consciousness, then I had to be a vegetarian one.
If you're a panel and you accept that vision, you will have a lot of hungry.
I think by thinking about it, this tends to transform your visions while what matters in ethical terms and moral consideration is not so much the fact of consciousness, but its importance and complexity.
It's also natural to ask for consciousness in other systems, like computers.
What about the artificial intelligence system in The Phone Pickle police?
Is it conscious?
According to the vision of the parallel information, she has a complicated information processing that the answer is yes, if it's conscious.
If this is right, you get very serious ethical problems on the ethics of the development of intelligent computers and the ethics of the taste of it.
Finally, you can ask for the consciousness of full collective collective power, the planet.
Does Canada have its own consciousness?
Or to a more local level, an integrated group, like the audience in a TED Talk, right now we have a collective TED consciousness, an internal movie for this whole group of TED, different from the inner movies of each part?
I don't know the answer to that question, but I think at least a question that has to take seriously.
So this parallel vision, it's a radical vision, and I don't know if it's right.
I'm actually more confident of the first crazy idea, that consciousness is a fundamental thing, than the second one is universal.
Vision raises a lot of questions, many challenges, like, how those bits of thinking contribute to the kind of complex consciousness we know and love us.
If we can answer those questions, then I think we go on the right path towards a theory of serious consciousness.
If not, well, probably this is the hardest problem in science and philosophy.
We can't wait to solve it overnight.
But I think we finally will find it.
Understanding consciousness is the real key, I think, to understand the universe and to understand ourselves.
Maybe we just need the right crazy idea.
Thank you.
I grew up in a small rural village in Victoria.
He had a very normal profile, a low education profile.
I went to school, I met my friends, I was fighting my younger sisters.
Everything was very normal.
And when I was 15, a member of my community came to my parents because I wanted to call myself for a community prize.
And my parents said, "Well, that's very nice, but there's a evident.
She's actually not got anything."  And they were right.
I went to school, I had good grades. After school, I had a low profile in my mother's check, and spent a lot of time watching the states "Holly The Star Star and "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The
Yes, I know. What a contradiction.
But they were right.
I didn't do anything that was extraordinary at all.
Nothing that can be considered as a achievement if we take disability outside the equation.
Years later, being in the second part of the teaching in a high school of Lamoney, just after about 20 minutes at the 11 minutes of legal studies a man raised her hand and said, "Hey, when will you give your discovery?
And I said, "What discovery?
Well, I had been talking about the law of democracy for about 20 minutes.
And he said, "You know, your motivation discovery.
When people in wheelchair chairs, are they talking about inspiration in school?
"They usually are in the space of activities."
And it was then when I realized, this child had had experiences with disabled disabled objects.
And we are not. And it's not the fault of the boy, that is, that's true for many of us.
For us, people with disability are not our teachers or our doctors or our bats.
We're not real people. We're there to inspire us.
And in fact, I'm in this stage looking at what I do on this wheelchair -- and you're probably waiting for me to inspire you. Right?  Yeah.
Well, ladies and gentlemen, I fear you forever settled.
I'm not here to inspire you.
I'm here to tell you that they have lied to disability.
Yes, we have sold the lie that disability is something wrong, to community, my community.
It's something wrong and living with an disability makes you amazing.
It's not a bad thing and I can't make it remarkable.
And over the last few years, we have been able to spread even more this lie through social media.
You may have seen images like this: "The only disability in life is a bad authority?
Or this one: "Your excuse is "not a "natural -- actually.
Or this other one, "Before I was going to stop, "I try to stop."
These are just a couple of examples, but there's a lot of them.
You may have seen one, the girl without hands drawing with a pencil held by the mouth.
You may have seen a child who runs with carbon fiber legs.
And there's a lot of these images, which are what we call a porn inspiration.
And I use the term of pure term, because they affect a group of people for the benefit of another group of people.
So in this case, we are able to engage the performance of people without disabilities.
The purpose of these images is to inspire them, motivate them, so we can see them and think, "Well, very bad that it is my life, it might be worse.
I could be that person.
But what if you're that person?
I've lost the account of the number of times that have been strangers to me wanting to express that they believe that I am brave or a source of inspiration, and this happens before my work had a public profile.
It was like I was happy to wake up in the morning and remember my own name.  And this is to happen.
These images, those images affect people with disabilities in the benefit of people without disabilities.
They're there so you can see them and think that things are not so bad for you, or to put your concerns in perspective.
And life as an disabled person is actually a hard thing.
We overcome some things.
But the things we overcome are not the things that you can think of.
They're not relative to our bodies.
I use the term personal person -- deliberately because I subscribe to the so-called social model of disability, which tells us that we are more disabled because of the society that we live because of our bodies or diagnostics.
So I've lived in this body for a long time.
I'm very excited about it.
The things I need to do, and I've learned to get the best of your capacity as well as you do, and that's what happens with the kids of those pictures as well.
They're not doing anything out of the common.
They're just using their bodies getting the best of their ability.
So is it really fair to affect them in the way we do it, when we share those pictures?
When people say, "You're a form of inspiration that says it as a compliment.
And I know why it happens.
It's because of the lie, because they have sold us this lie that disability makes us analytical.
And honestly, it doesn't do it.
And I know what you're thinking.
I'm here by promoting the inspiration, and you think, "My God, Stone, aren't you sometimes inspired by something?
And actually, I know I am.
Learning from other people with disability at all time.
However, I don't learn that I'm more lucky than them.
So learning that this is a great idea to use some of the biomass of battle to pick up the things that fall down.  So learning the ingenious trick of how to charge the mobile phone battery on the battery of the chair.
Great.
We learn from the force and resilience of others, not against our bodies and our diagnosis but against a world that is an anti-territing world.
I really believe that that lie that has sold us about disability is the greatest insight.
It makes us hard life.
And that quote: "The only disability in life is a bad authority, the reason that that's lie is because it's not true, because of the social model of disability.
A lot of smiles in front of a light of stairs has never done that it becomes a ship.
Never.    So smile to a television screen will not make the subtitles for deaf people.
Not a lot of people in the middle of a bookstore and they write a positive attitude to convert all those books to the ball.
It's just not going to happen.
I want to really live in a world where disability is not exception, but normal.
I want to live where a 15 year-old girl, sitting in his bedroom watching Bergen The Stanford State don't feel like anything about being on a chair.
I want to live in a world where we don't have so low expectations of people with disabilities that we're happy to get out of the bed and remember our names in the morning.
I want to live in a world where we value the genuine achievement of people with disabilities. And I want to live in a world where a kid at 11 degree in a high school school in Labor is not a little surprise that his new teacher is a wheelchair translator.
And disability doesn't make us amazing, but questioning what you think you know about what it does.
Thank you.
What do you have to see augmented reality and professional football, with empathy with empathy.
And what is the average speed of a diversity without card?
Unfortunately, I'm just going to answer one of those questions, so please don't sustained.
When people think of augmented reality, they think about "Minority Penguin and in Tom Arabia putting hands in the air, but the augmented reality is not science fiction.
The augmented reality is something that will happen in our days and happen because we have the tools for that, and people need to know it, because the reality is increasing to change our lives as much as the Internet and mobile phones.
So how do we get to the reality?
The first step is what I wear post, the Google Google Gallery.
I'm sure many are familiar with them.
What you may not know is that Google bears are a device that lets you see what I see.
Let me experience what is to be a professional program in the field.
Right now, the only way of being in the field is that I try to describe them.
I have to use words.
I have to create a framework that you will fill with your imagination.
We can use Google Glass, underneath a helmet and know what is running through the game field to 160 miles an hour, the blood hitting your ears.
We can know that it feels like a 130 pounds of 120,000 pounds to you, trying to tell us all about it.
I've been there and I assure you that it's not nice.
I bring some videos to show you what is to use Google Glass, under the helmet and give you an idea of that.
Unfortunately, they're not images of the practices of the NASA, because the idea of the North Los Look at emerging technology is a submarine rising to the surface. But we do what we can.
So let's look at a video.
Chris Kosovoro, we go.
It's horrible to be carrying.
A moment. Let's zoom in a little bit.
Do you propose?
Go!
Chris Kalaha, as you can see, is a prototype of what is being caught in the football field, from the perspective of the keyboard.
You'll notice that people lack people, the rest of the team.
We have a video of them, street from the University of Washington.
Marcular Marcular Danals, "The "The 1945 Bangladesh Bangladesh.
Blue eight, Blue 8: Go!
Chris Kalaha, this makes them a little bit more like being in the field, but it has nothing to do with being in the NSA.
The fans want that experience.
The fans want to be in the field, to be their favorite players, and they've asked me on YouTube and on Twitter, you can see from the angle of a field camera.
Or a speed?
We want to experience that."
Once we have that experience with Google and Google Glass, how do we get from flashes? How do we take it to the next level?
We take it to that level using something called Sparow Boston, which is probably a lot of you know.
The County County has been described as the most realistic virtual reality of virtual reality ever, and it's not a cheap word.
And I'm going to show you why with this video.
Man: Oh, oh.
No, no, no, no. I don't want to keep playing playing. No!
Oh, my God. Ah!
CK: That's the experience of a man in a roller mountain taking for his life.
What is the experience of a fan when we record a video of Arab Press crossing the line, getting rid of a marker with the arm before you run and make a dominance? What will be the experience of a fan.
When can I be Missing running through the car, launching the balance at the bottom of the network? Or Carron doing a satellite in mysterious?
What is your experience when you get out of a mountain to over 100 miles as a climate college?
Maybe they increase adult adults for adults.
But this is not yet augmented reality.
It's just virtual reality, Rock.
How do we get the augmented reality, Rosse:
We will get the augmented reality when the coaches and the magnets and the owners see the information of what people want to see and think, "How do we use this to improve our care?
How do we use it to win the parallel?
Because they always use technology to win.
They like to win. They give them money.
So, here's a brief stage on technology in the NSA.
In 1965, the poets of Baltimore put a garment to their field camp to play faster.
They won Super Bowl that year.
Other teams decided to imitate them.
More people saw the game because it was more exciting, faster.
In 1994, the Nobel placed radio in the cards of the field camps and after the defense.
They had more viewers because it was faster, more entertaining.
In 2003, imagine that you're a player coming back to your group and you see their next play shown in front of you, in a plastic screen that you carry in. You won't have to worry about forget a game.
I heard the strategy.
They just go out to the field and react.
And the coaches want it because if you don't follow their instructions, they lose parties, and they hate to lose paradox.
If you lose parties, you lose them as an amazing.
And they don't want that.
But the augmented reality is not just a manual of strategies better.
The augmented reality is also a way of collecting information and use it in real time to improve the game of playing the game.
How would you do?
Well, a very simple option would be to have a camera in every corner of the stadium having a view from the top of the people who are down.
You also get information from the spaces and the shows, something that is already working already.
And all that information is sent to your players.
Good teams will be able to send it.
Bad ones are going to have information.
This difference the good teams of bad equipment.
So your computer team will be as important as your cartoons, and analysis analysis will stop being just for services.
It's also going to be for enthusiasm. Who would have imagined it?
How would it be in the camp?
Imagine they're the field camera.
You get the balance and you go back.
You look for an open receiver -- suddenly a boots on the left side of your bombsight is that a defense behind you is going to attack you. Normally, you wouldn't see it, but the Roan system would come off.
You move into the protection area.
Another balloon is a little bit of a open description.
You toss the ball, but you get arrested.
The balance loses the trajectory.
You don't know where to land. However, the receptor sees in his tracks an area of grass that lights and can modify the race.
It goes down, catch the ball, runs and attack.
The public empty and the fans have followed the play from each angle.
This is something that will create massive emotion in the game.
I'll make lots of people see it, because people want to live that experience.
The fans want to be in the field.
They want to be your favorite player.
The augmented reality is going to be part of the sports because it's too profitable to not be.
But what I ask you is, do we want this to be the only use of reality in age?
Are we going to use it just as bread and circus as our usual entertainment?
Because I think we can use it for something else.
I think we can use the augmented reality to foster the empathy between human beings, to show someone how it is, literally, to be somewhere else.
We know what this technology is worth of sports plays.
It generates billions of income a year.
But how much is this technology for a teacher in the classroom trying to show you a suspect how harmful their actions are from the perspective of the victims?
How much is this technology for a gay in Uganda or Russia trying to show the world how does it be surprised?
How many of it is also for a Command Changer or a Neil Christian State trying to inspire a generation of children to think more about space and science instead of quarterly notes and discovery?
Ladies and gentlemen, the augmented reality is coming.
The questions that we do, the decisions we take and the challenges that we face, depends on, as always, of us.
Thank you.
I recently retired after 23 years of service at the Marilish Patrick in California.
And most of those 23 years I spent the last one in the southern end of the Maria County that includes the Portion Gate.
The bridge is an iconic structure, known globally by its beautiful views.
Unfortunately, it's also a magnet for suicide, being one of the most used places in the world.
The bridge Pole Gates was open in Kenya.
Joseph Sunday, the chief chief of building the bridge, said that, "The bridge is pretty much to test suicide.
The suicide from the bridge is not practical and protein."
But from its openness, over 1,600 people have jumped to their death from that bridge.
Some believe that traveling between the two towers will take them to another dimension -- this bridge has been still indicated as such, so that the fall of it would release you from all your concerns and pain, and the waters that go down below your soul.
But let me tell you that when the bridge is used to commit suicide.
After one every free of four to five seconds, the body is born against water about 120 miles an hour.
The impact breaks the bone, some of which are saving vital organs.
Most of them die in the impact.
The ones that don't normally hang into the helpless water, and then they drowned in.
I don't think those who have this method of suicide realize the death of the death you face.
This is the cable here.
Except about the two towers, there are 32 inches of steel to the bridge.
This is where most people are before we take their life.
I can tell you about experience that once the person is in that edge, and at the darker time, it's very difficult to bring them back.
I took this picture last year while this young man was talking to a official contemplating his life.
I want to tell you with joy that we had success to bring it back on the railing side.
When I started working on the bridge, we had no formal training.
We were fighting to channel the path through these calls.
This was not just a bad service to those who institute suicide, but the officials also do.
We've gone a long way since then.
Today, penetrance officials and psychologists trained the new constraints.
This is Jason Barban.
I met him on July 22 of July last year when he got a call from a subject subject sitting in the heart near the center.
I said, and when I arrived, I looked at Jason talking to a official bridge official of the Gate Golden.
Jason was only 32 years old, and I had flown over here from New Jersey.
In fact, I had flown over here twice before New Jersey to try to get suicide from this bridge.
After about an hour talking to Jason and asked us if we knew the story of the Pandora's box.
Remove Greek mythology created Mandela, and he sent him to the Earth with a box, and he said, "You never open that box."
Well, one day, curiosity could more than Christian, and she opened the box.
They came out plants, lessons, and all kinds of bad against man.
The only good thing in the box was hope.
So Jason asked us, "What if you open the box and there's no proposition?
It stopped an instant, leaned on the right, and it left.
This male and intelligent man in New Jersey had just taken away life.
I talked to the parents of Jason that night, and I guess when I was talking to them, it didn't seem to be ringing very well, because the next day, the family family called me to see how I was.
The parents of Jason had asked it.
The curious damage of suicide affect a lot of people.
I ask you these questions: What would you do if a member of your family, a friend or someone loved out was to suggest?
What would you say?
You know what to say?
In my experience, you don't just speak, but you have to listen.
Listening to understand.
Don't argue, blame or tell the person you know how it feels like, because you probably don't know.
Just being there, you can be the point of inflection that you need.
If you think somebody is suicide, you're not afraid to face them and ask the question.
One way to ask you the question is: Are others in similar circumstances -- have you had these records?
Control the person in front of it can save life and be the inflection point for them.
Other signs to search -- despair, believe that things are terrible and they're never going to get better. First, believe that there's nothing you can do about it, social isolation, and a lost interest in life.
I came up with this talk just a couple of days ago, and I got a email of a lady and I'd like to read you his letter.
She lost his son 19 percent of January this year, and he wrote this email just a couple of days ago, and it's with his permission and selection that I read her.
"Hi, Keiner. I guess you're at the TED conference.
It must be a whole experience to be there.
I'm thinking that I should go to foot this weekend.
I just wanted to leave a note.
I hope you can tell many people and go home talking about it to your friends who tell their friends, etc.
I'm still quite intense, but I'm going to notice more moments to realize that Mike doesn't really come home.
Mike was driving from Philippe to San Francisco to see the North Arab game with his father on January 19.
It never came there.
I called the Pierculus police and I reported it as a disappeared that night.
The next morning, two officials came to my house and reported that the car car was down on the bridge.
A witness had seen him jumping from the bridge at 1960s.
Thank you very much for fighting for those who can be temporarily too weak to fight for themselves.
Who hasn't been before wrong without suffering a real mental disease?
It shouldn't be so easy to end with it.
My prayers are with your struggle.
The GDP, the Golden Gate Bridge is supposed to be a passage through our beautiful bay, not a cemetery before.
Good luck in this week, Vexucation.
I can't imagine the value that she needed to go to the bridge and go through the path that his son took that day, and also the courage to go ahead.
I'd like to introduce you to a man who I mean with hope and value.
On March 11, 2005, he responded to a radio call by a possible subject on the sidewalk of the bridge near the north tower.
I drove my motorcycle on the sidewalk and looked at this man, Kevin Broke, standing on the sidewalk.
When he saw me, I immediately crossed the railing and stopped in that little tube around the tower.
During the time and a half hours, I heard like Kevin talked about his depression and despair.
Kevin decided for his account that day to come back over that lane and give life another opportunity.
When Kevin came back, he proposed.
"This is a new beginning, a new life."
But I asked him, "What's what made you go and give hope and life another opportunity?
And you know what he told me?
He said, "I'm hearing.
I let myself talk and just heart."
Shortly after that incident, I got a letter from the mother of Kevin, and I have that letter with me, and I'd like to read them.
"Dear Mr. Beijing, nothing will erase the events of March 11, and you're one of the reasons Kevin is still with us.
Honestly, I think Kevin was calling for help.
It's been diagnosed with a mental illness for which it has been right.
I adopted Kevin when I only had six months, completely unconscious of all of those serious religions, but thank God, we now know it.
Kevin is in order, as he said.
We thank God for you.
It was definitely with you, Bernies Brazil.
And at the end she wrote, "Professor." When I visited the General Hospital of San Francisco that night, you would figure out how the patient.
"I have to restore it.
Currently, Kevin is a loving father and active member of society.
He talks about the events of that day and his depression with hope that their story inspired others.
The suicide is not just something that I've found myself in work.
It's personal.
My grandfather was suicide with poison.
That act, despite finishing your own pain, I hate the opportunity to meet it.
This is what the suicide does.
For most people suicide or those who consider suicide, they wouldn't think about hurt another person.
They just want your own pain out.
Usually this is only done in three ways, sleep, drugs or alcohol or death.
In my career, I've responded and I've been involved in hundreds of mental illnesses and suicide calls around the bridge.
Of those incidents that I've been directly involved -- I've only lost two, but those two are too much.
One was Jason one.
The other one was a man who spoke about an hour.
During that time, I shook my hand in three times.
And in the end, he looked at me, and he said, "Look, I'm sorry, but I have to go."
And I jumped out.
Horrific, absolutely awful.
I want to tell you, however, that the vast majority of people that we get to contact in that bridge don't get involved.
In addition, those guys who have jumped out of the bridge and live and that you can talk about it, that one or two percent, most of those people have said that the second one left the gang they realized they had made a mistake and they wanted to live.
I say to people, the bridge doesn't only connect Mars with San Francisco, but also people.
That connection, or a bridge that we do, is something that each and every one of us should be striving to do.
The suicide.
There's help. There's hope.
Thank you very much.
The world makes you feel like you are not, but on your inside you know what you are, and a question gets me? How do you become that?
I must be something unique in that sense, but I'm not alone -- I'm not alone.
When I became a model, I felt that I finally had the dream that I had ever been from a child.
My overseas finally agreed with my inner truth, with my inner self.
For complicated reasons, what I'm going to do later, when I look at this picture -- I think, "How you get this picture, you get it, you get it.
But the past October, I discovered that, I'm just beginning.
We all get our families, our religion, our society, our moment in history, even our bodies.
Some of them have the value of describing, to get rid of the limitations tax by the color of the skin or the beliefs of those who surround us.
These are people who are always challenging the status quo.
In my case, the last nine years, many of my neighbors, a lot of my friends, my agent, my attention.
I think this language is called relationship.
This is mine.
I was recorded as a "man when I was born the appearance of my genital appearance.
I remember that at my five years in the Philippines, in my house, I always wore this t-shirt in my head.
And my mom asked me, "Why do you always take that t-shirt in the bottom?
I said, "Mom, it's my hair. I'm a kid."
I knew how to put to protect.
The gender has always considered an immune fact, but now we know that it's really more complex and mysterious and mysterious things.
Because of my success, I never brought myself to share my story, not because I think I'm going to be bad but for how the world is dealing with those of us who want to liberate them.
Every day I appreciate being woman.
I have Mom and Dad and a family who accepted me as I am.
Many are not so lucky.
There's a long tradition in Asian culture that celebrates the mystery of gender.
There's a Buddhist goddess of compassion.
There's a Hindu goddess of the man.
And when I was eight years old, I was at a party party in the Philippines that I celebrated these puzzles.
I was standing in front of the stage, and I remember this beautiful woman came up with me, and I remember that moment as if something would hit me, this is the kind of woman I wanted to be.
And when I was 15, when I was still wearing man, I met this woman called TED.
This is the director of a conservative beauty of beauty.
That night she asked me, "Why haven't you been involved in the record response?
He told me that if she participated it from the disciplines of description and the visual school, and that night, I won in bathroom suit, won a street suit, and I had third funding between over 40 candidates.
That moment changed my life.
Suddenly, I was within the world of beauty.
Not a lot of people can say that their first job was from the Queen of wonderful women, but I can.
I also met the goddess of the detailed, especially when we traveled to remote propositions of the Philippines.
But more importantly, I met my best friends of that community.
In 2001, my mom, who had moved to San Francisco, called me and told me that they approved my position of the green card that could go to the U.S.
I was resistant.
I said to my mother, "Mommy, I am fun.
I'm here with friends, I like to travel and be a beauty queen of beauty.
But then, two weeks later, he called me and said, "You know that if you moved to the United States, you can change the name and the identity of grandchildren?
It was all I needed to hear.
My mom suggested to me that I would put two "me to my name.
She also struck me when I was in Thailand at age 19.
It's curious that in some of the most rural cities in Thailand do the most prestigious surgery, sophisticated and secure.
At that time in the U.S., it was necessary to make surgery before changing the name and the gender.
So in 2001, I went to San Francisco, and I remember looking at the driving license with the name of George and the Google genome.
It was a big moment.
For some people, their identity of identity means being able to drive or power to get a wheat, but for me it was the license to live, to feel dignity.
Suddenly my fears saw members.
I felt I could conquer my dream and move to New York, and to be a model.
Many are not so lucky.
I think of this woman named Alex States.
A young woman in New York who was brave to live his truth, but that defined, he put his life.
For many of my community, that's the reality that they live.
Our suicide rates are eight times higher than the rest of the population.
Every 20 of November we do a global flu for the General Day of the Progress.
I'm in this scenario, thanks to a long history of people who stood and stood up to injustice.
These are Marshall P. Johnson and Sylvia Research.
Today, right now, I'm coming out of the closet.
I can't keep living my truth alone and just for me.
I want to do the best to help others live their truth without shame.
I'm here, telling me, so that some day there is no more virus than 20 of November.
My deepest truth led me to accept what I am.
Will you do that?
Thank you very much.
Thank you, thank you, thank you.  KT: George, a quick question.
George Dr. Sure. You see, first, thank you all my blessing referred.
My support network, my parents especially to my family, which is very strong.
I remember all the times I've been attending young women in front of young women who have arrested, and sometimes when they called me and told me that their parents couldn't accept it. I took the phone, I called my mom and said, "Mommy, can you call this woman?
Sometimes it worked, others don't. It's just gender identity, that's what's at the center of what we are, right?
I mean, we all have a gender to birth, and what I'm trying to do is put on the table the topic that sometimes that a few times that passion would not block, and that there should be a space that allowed people to integrate, and this is a conversation that we should have with parents, with colleagues.
The support movement is starting compared to gay motion.
There's still a lot of work to do.
It should be understood.
There should be space for curiosity and to ask questions, and I hope that all of you are my allies.
KS: Thank you. Very nice. GG: Thank you.
In many patriarchal societies and tribal societies, the parents usually are known for their kids, but I'm one of the few parents who are known for their daughter and I'm proud of it.
Mallary started his campaign for education defending their rights in 2007, and when their efforts in 2011, when their efforts in 2011, when they hit the National Prize Mandela of the peace, became very famous, a very popular girl in their country.
Before that, it was my daughter, but now I'm his father.
Ladies and gentlemen, if we were going to take a look at the history of humanity, the story of women is the history of injustice.
You see, in the patriarchal societies, just from the beginning, when he was born a child, his birth is not celebrate.
It's not blood, not for his father, not for his mother.
The neighborhood comes to the mother and no one happiness to the father.
And a mother is overwhelmed by having a child.
When it gives birth to the first child, the first daughter, it gets sad.
When it gives birth to the second daughter, it gets excited, and with the hope of a son, when he throws his third daughter, it feels guilty as a criminal.
Not only mother suffers but the daughter -- the night now is born, when he grows, he suffers too.
At the age of five years, when I should go to school, it stays at home and the school admit to their brothers.
Until age 12, in some ways, it has a good life.
You can be fun.
It can play with your friends in the street, and it can move through the streets like a butterfly.
But when it comes into adolescence, when it comes 13 years old, he gets rid of his house without a male anticipation.
It's confined to the four walls of his house.
It's no longer a free person.
It becomes the so-called honor of his father and his brothers and his family, and if he struggled the code of that supposedly answer, I could even kill it.
And it's interesting that this supposed code of honor, it doesn't only affect the life of a girl, also affects the life of male members of the family.
So this brother, sacrifice the joys of their life and the happiness of their sisters in the name of the honor.
And there's a norm more of the patriarchal societies that is called the options.
It's supposed to be a good girl must be very quiet and very humble and very summit.
It's the criterion of leadership.
The model of a good girl must be quiet.
It's supposed to be silent and that accepts decisions of his father and his mother and decisions of the elderly -- even if he doesn't want.
If you marry it with a man who doesn't like or if you marry it with an old man, it has to accept it, because it doesn't want to be produced process.
If the house very young, it has to accept it.
Otherwise, they call it specialists.
And what happens in the end?
In words of a poetry, "The house, the carrier, and then give birth to more children and famines."
And the irony of the situation is that this mother, he implemented the same lesson of options to his daughter and the same lesson of honor to his children.
And this vicious circle continues and continues.
They wanted brothers and sisters, when I was born Mall, and for the first time, believe me, I didn't like the newspapers to be honest, but when I was there and looked at his eyes, believe me, I was extremely honored.
And so much before I was born, I thought about his name, and I was fascinated with a legendary farmer of freedom in Afghanistan.
His name was Mall in Manijitz, and he called my daughter like this.
But when I signed up, they were all men, and I grabbed my pen, and I brought a line of my name, and I wrote, "Mantray."
And when she grew up, when I was four and a half, I took it in my school.
You might wonder, why should I mention the passionate of a girl in a school?"
Yes, I must mention it.
You can take it for granted in Canada, in the United States, in many developed countries, but in poorer countries, in the tribal societies, it's a great event for life life.
You're going to describe in a school means the recognition of their identity and its name.
An injury to school means that it has entered the world of dreams and aspirations where they can explore their potential for their future life.
I have five sisters, and none of them could go to school, and they would be surprised, two weeks earlier, when I was looking at the Canadian visit form, and I was in the relative part to family, I couldn't remember the similarities of some of my sisters.
And the reason I had never seen the names of my sisters written in any document.
That was the reason why I value my daughter.
What my father couldn't give my sisters or their daughters, I thought I had to change it.
I used to appreciate the intelligence and the quality of my daughter.
I encouraged her to sit with me when my friends came to me.
I encouraged him to go with me to different meetings.
And all of these values, I've tried to instill in their personality.
And this wasn't just for her, just for Malah.
I have applied all these good values in my school to girls and boys alike.
I used education for communication.
I taught my daughters, taught students, to forget the lesson of the independence.
I taught students to forget the lesson of the so-called second."
Martin women and sisters, we fought for more rights for women, and we were fighting to have more and more space for women in society.
But we found ourselves with a new phenomenon.
It was lethal for human rights, and in particular, for women's rights.
It was called the ancestor.
That means a complete denial of women's participation in all the political, economic and social activities.
Hundreds of schools were lost.
The girls were banned to go to school.
Women were forced to use candles and stopped going to the markets.
The musicians were soldiers, the girls who are accepted and killed singers and killed men.
They suffer millions, but few people speak, and it was terrifying to have around those people who kill and take out when you talk about their rights.
It's really frightening.
At the age of 10, Malaha got up and raised by the right to education.
He wrote a newspaper for the BBC blog, and he offered himself for the New York Times, and I spoke in every platform that he could.
And his voice was the most powerful voice.
It was spread as a complete content around the world.
And that was the reason that the Taliban could not tolerate their campaign and October October October 2012, they shot the back into the head.
It was a paradigm day for my family and for me.
The world became a great black hole.
Whereas my daughter was debating between life and death, he whispered my wife to my wife -- "Should I blame myself for what happened to my daughter, your father?
And he said to me, "Please don't blame you.
It defends the fair cause.
You put your life in play for the cause of truth, for the cause of peace, and because of the cause of education, and your daughter inspired in you and joined you.
Both of them were on the right path and God will protect it.
These words mean a lot for me, and I didn't ask again.
When Mall was in the hospital and he had severe pain headaches and strong headaches because his facial nerve was cut up, I used to see a dark shadow that was extended by the face of my wife.
But my daughter never complained it.
I used to tell you, "I'm good with my answer and my face.
I'll get okay. Please don't worry.
It was a sense for us, and it was convinced.
dear brothers and sisters, we've learned from how to resist at the hardest moments, and I'm pleased to share with you that despite being an icon for the rights of children and women, it's like any girl in 16 years.
She cried when he doesn't finish his homework.
It fights with his brothers, and I'm very happy for that.
People ask me, "What about special in my structure that has done so bold to Malaha so brave and express and energy?
I tell you, don't ask me what I did.
Ask me what I didn't do.
He didn't cut their wings and that's it.
Thank you very much.
Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you.
I was February of the brain 18 years ago, and, from that day, the science of the brain has become a personal passion.
I'm an engineer.
And I want to tell you that recently I have joined the Monterey group. In Google, where I've had a division to my car -- the divide of Google X, but all the work I'm talking about today here about the science of the brain, I did it before I joined Google or outside my work there.
Having said this, there's a stigma when you make a brain operation.
Are you still like smart or not?
Of course, will you be able to be intelligent?
After the neuroscience, I was missing a part of the brain, and I had to live with it.
It wasn't gray matter, but it was the sticky part of the center that creates important hormones and neurologists.
Immediately after the operation, I had to decide how much to take, from more than a dozen chemicals every day, because if I didn't take anything, die in a few hours.
Every day, for the last 18 years, I've had to decide about combinations and chemistry mix and try to get it, to stay alive.
More than one time I've been saved by a time.
But luckily, I have an experimental soul, so I decided that I would experience to try to get the optimal doses because there really doesn't exist a clear map that says it in a screen.
I started to try and try and try and get surprised by seeing how small changes in the doses changed dramatically my anti-time, my sense of who I was me, my behavior to thinking, my behavior with others.
A particularly impressive case for a few months, I tried doses and typical chemicals for a man of dress, and I was surprised when I saw my thoughts.
I was always curious, I thought all the time in sex, and I thought it was the smartest person around the world, and --  -- of course, a lot of times in the past I've met a number of different kinds of things like this, or maybe some of the serious versions.
It turned out as a extreme.
But my great surprise was that I wasn't trying to be any agent.
In fact, I was trying -- a so much insecure, fix a problem that had the front, and it just doesn't happen like that.
So I couldn't handle it.
It changed my days.
But I think that experience gave me a new appreciation about men and about what they have to go through. Since then I get better with men.
What I was trying to do -- and I was going to adjust those hormones and neurologists and so on, and I was to reclaim my intelligence after disease and operation -- my creative thought, my ideas.
I tend to think about almost always in pictures, and that became my key reference point -- how do I get those mental images that I use to create prototypes, my ideas, if you will, testing new ideas and recreating situations.
These kinds of thoughts is not new.
So the philosophers like Human, Descartes and Hellows see things in a similar way.
They thought the images and the mental ideas were the same thing.
Now there are those who question this idea, and there are many discussions about how the mind works. To me, it's simple for most of us, the mental images are fundamental for creative thinking and invention.
So after several years, I can find the point right and I have lots of great mental images, really valued, well sophisticated and well structures.
Now, I'm working on how to take these mental images from my mind to the computer screen.
Can you imagine what would happen if a movie director would be able to use his imagination only to steer the world that has the front of it?
Or if a musician could extract the music of your head?
There are incredible possibilities with this, as the way people are creative can get to share the speed of light.
And the truth is, the only difficulty to do this is simply to increase the resolution of our brain scanning systems.
Let me show you why I think we're pretty close to getting to this with two recent experiments conducted by two separate groups in neuroscience.
They both used MRI technology, image by functional magnetic resonance to represent the brain. Here you can see the brain scan done by Ganglade Gandhi and his colleagues at Harvard.
The column on the left shows the scanning of a person who looks at an image.
The column of the medium shows the brain scan of that same individual as it was imagined by seeing that same image.
The column on the right is created by looking at the contents of the central column on the left -- you see that the difference is almost nose.
This is repeated in many different individuals with many different images, always with a similar outcome.
The difference between seeing an image and imagine seeing that same picture is almost sun.
Now, let me share you another experiment. This is from Jack Salahla lab in Berkeley, California.
They managed to convert the brain waves into remarkable visual fields.
Let's put it in this way.
In this experiment, it showed people hundreds of hours of YouTube videos while they were scan their brains to create a great return of brain reactions to video sequences.
Then I showed you a film with new images, new people, new animals, and as long as a new scan was recorded with.
The computer, using only brain information of the scan I decided to show what seemed the person was seeing.
On the right you can see the computer productions, and on the left, the video I showed you.
This left us baby.
We're good about doing it.
We just need to improve the resolution.
And now, remember, when you see an image, and when you imagine that same picture, you create in the brain the same map.
This was conducted with the brain scanning systems of the most resolution systems available today, and their resolution was increased as a thousand times in the last few years.
Now we need to increase the resolution about a thousand times to get a deeper look.
How do we do that?
There are many techniques to do it.
One is opening up the skull and introduce electrodes out.
I don't offer for that.
Many are proposing new techniques of projection for images, even -- counting with the recent result of MRI first, we should first ask us the next question, this technology will be the end of the road?
The conventional wisdom says the only way to get greater resolution is with larger magnets -- but to this point, larger magnets only offer small improvements in resolution -- not increase by thousands as we need.
I propose this idea: Instead of larger images, we make better magnets better.
We can create much more complex structures with slightly different devices, like making a college.
And why does this matter?
In the last few years, a huge amount of effort in MRI were to make really big images, right?
And yet, most recent advances in the energy of brilliant and brilliant solutions in encoded and decoding in the transportation and the frequencies of Red radio frequencies in MRI systems.
At the same time, instead of a uniform magnetic field, we use magnetic patterns to the French radio frequencies as well.
So when we combine the magnetic patterns with the patterns of the processing processing of the Freedom of Library and we can increase the information that you can extract in a single stage.
In addition, we can then divide our growing knowledge about the structure of the brain and the memory to create the increase in the thousands that we need.
By using the Stanford to be able to measure not just the blood of blood blood, but the one of the hormones and the neurotransmitters that I've mentioned and maybe even neural neural activity -- this is sleep.
We will be able to fly our ideas directly to digital media.
Can you imagine if we could go through language and communicate directly through the thought?
What would we be able to actually?
And how do we learn to deal with the truths of human thinking without favorite?
You thought the Internet is a big thing.
These are big questions.
It would be absolute to use it as a tool to amplify our skills of thinking and communication.
Certainly, this same tool could lead to the cure of Alzheimer's and similar diseases.
We have few choices more than open this door.
Anyway, they choose a year, will happen in five or 15 years?
It's hard to imagine it will take much more.
We have to learn how to give this step together.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you tonight about getting out of the closet, and not in a traditional sense, not just the gay mariner.
I think we all have marriages.
His closet, maybe it is to say to some person for the first time that loves or tell someone who's pregnant, or tell someone who has cancer, or any other hard conversation that you have gone through in life.
Every marine is a hard conversation, and although our issues can vary tremendously the experience of having lived and have come out of that market is a universal thing.
He goes, and we don't like it, and it must happen.
A lot years ago, I worked in the Substania East Mall Ford Francisco, a restaurant in the city, and being there, I had to go through several stages of the intensity of the embarrassed magic military -- not to write my armpits -- I quote the letters of David Rose as a phone.
And I will be aware that because of the flow of my favorite pants and because of having published my head recently, I would ask myself a little bit of a little kid -- "Hey, are you a kid or Chinese good?
And it would appear an uncomfortable silence on the table.
I would put my jaw a little bit more, I would take my coffee with a rage of rage with me.
The father would be able to put the newspaper and mother would launch a cold look at his son.
But I wouldn't say anything, and I would save inside.
And I got to the point that every time I went to a place where there was three and 10 years old, I was ready to fight.
And that's a terrible feeling.
So I promised the next time I would say something.
It would have that hard conversation.
So after a few weeks, it happened again.
Are you a kid or a Chicago."
A family silence -- but this time I was prepared and I was about to come into the female issues at the table.  I had the quotes from Betty Francisco.
The quote of Gloria Steven.
Even a fragments of the "Vagina Monologues," I would show you.
And then I breathe down and I looked down and my backs, a four-year-old girl with a pink dress, looking at what is not a challenge for a feminist forest, just a girl with a question: "Are you kid or Chinese guy?
So I breathe back again, I put myself out of calculations near her, and I said, "Hey, I know this is something confident.
I have the short hair like a kid, and I see a little girl clothes, but I'm a girl, and you know, like you like to use a pink dress, and sometimes you like to use a comfortable monkey.
Well, I'm more than kind of girl of a comfortable movie?
And that girl looked at me, I was looking at attention, and he said, "My favorite mine is purple and he's got a fish.
Can you give me a picture, please?
And that was all -- just "Oh, OK. You're a girl.
What about the picture I would press?
It was the most easy conversation of all I've ever had.
And why? Because the little girl and I were both honest with each other.
So as many of us, I've lived in some C.O.s in my life, and yes, often, my walls used to be a cards.
But inside, in the dark, you can't know how color walls.
You just know how one feels like living in a closet.
This is how my gun is not different at yours or yours or you.
Sure, I will give you 100 reasons why to get out of my closet, was harder than coming out of it, but this is the thing: The hard is not relative.
The hard is hard.
Who can tell me that explaining to someone who has been told in bank bank is more difficult to say it's been stress?
Who can tell me that this story that I think is more difficult to tell your six-year-old son that you're going to share?
There is no more difficult thing to only be hard.
We need to stop classify what is difficult to what difficult to someone else to make us feel better or worse relative to our closet, and we should just feel empathy because we all live something hard.
At some point in our lives, we all live in marriages, and they may be able to feel security, or at least more security than the other side of the door.
But I'm here to tell you, that no matter what their walls are, a gun is not a place to live.
Thank you.  Imagine yourself 20 years ago.
I had a horse tail, a dress and shoe shoes.
It wasn't the militant line prepared to fight any child in four years that I would go into coffee.
I was frozen by the fear, I was stuck in a corner of my dark closet by playing my big gay gay, and moving only a muscle is the most scary thing I've ever done.
My family, my friends, very strange that I've spent my entire life trying to not disappoint it, and now the world would go back to purpose.
I was burning the pages of a script that we've all followed for so long, but if you don't launch that big, I'll kill you.
One of my most memorable launches was in my sister's wedding.
It was the first time that a lot between the guests knew that it was gay, and when I was doing my honor fell holes in my black and soul stories, I walked around the tables and finally came to one where the friends of my parents, people who met me years ago.
And after speaking a moment, one of the women, "I love Nathan Landergie.
And the gay story battle had started.
"How, did you ever get in the March before?
"Well, yeah, the truth is that we have friends in San Francisco.
"Well, we've never gone there, but we've heard it's positive."
"Hey, you know my content Changing: Chancold you?
It's very good and never talked about having a "Then night.
"Oh, what is your favorite TV program.
Our favorite program? Will it and Grace and Grace and Grace and Grace and Grace.
And you know who we love us? Jack me?
Jack is our beauty."
And then a woman, concerned but he was waiting to show desperately his support, to get me to know that he was on my side, he finally said, "Well, sometimes my husband uses pink camps.
And I had an opportunity at that time, as you have all the big barrels.
Sure, it might have been easy to indicate where they felt were.
It's not very hard to find them and realize the fact that they were experiencing.
And what else can you ask someone, but to experience?
If you're going to be authentic with someone, you have to be prepared for the authentic you get.
That's how hard conversations follow without being my strong point.
Ask anyone who I have come out.
But I'm getting better, and I follow what I like to call the three principles of the Chinese History.
Now, please see this through gay perspective, but you understand that what it involves coming out of any closet, is essentially the same.
Number one: Be authentic.
Turn your motivation. Be yourself.
That girl in the coffee had no market, but I was ready for battle.
If you want someone to be genuine -- the others must know that we also suffer.
Number two: They are curious. They just pick it out. They spend your peers.
If you know they're gay, you get it.
If they say to your parents that maybe they might be gay, they will keep the hope that that could change.
They don't give them a sense of false hope.
And number three, and more importantly,  Let the complex.
You communicate your truth.
You never apologize for that.
And some of you can go out safe security, explore by what they've done, but they never apologize to what they are.
And yes, maybe some of you will be disappointed -- but that's something in them, not in you.
Those are the expectations of them about what you are, but not your own.
That's the story of them, but not from you.
The only story that matters is that you want to write.
So the next time you find in a market dark by starting a great, you have to know that we've all been there before.
And you might feel very lonely, but they're not.
Thank you, Portugal. Enjoy the candle.
Incredible, what is that?
If we look at the story of how intelligence has been seen -- a productive example has been the famous quote of School Discovery that the machine can think of is as interesting as the question of whether a submarine can be assumptions.
When Peter Marches wrote this as a criticism to the pioneers of computing like Alan Strate.
And so a few years ago, I started a program to try to understand the fundamental physical mechanisms underlying intelligence.
Let's go back a step.
First, let's start with a mental experiment.
Imagine that they are a alien race, which you don't know about the biology of the Earth or the Earth's structure or intelligence of the Earth, but they have incredible telescopes and you can see the Earth, and they have incredibly long lives, so you can see the Earth for millions, even billions of years.
And you see a very strange effect.
Of course, as territorians, we know that the reason is that we're trying to save ourselves.
We're trying to avoid an impact.
But if you're a alien race that doesn't know about this, that it doesn't have any concept on intelligence of the Earth, they would be forced to develop a physical theory that would explain how, until a certain time over time, the asteroids that extend the surface of a planet that will be able to do it.
And so I claim that this is the same question that to understand the physical nature of intelligence.
So in this program that took a number of years ago, I looked at a variety of issues through science, through various disciplines that were pointed up, I think, to a single mechanism underlying intelligence.
In cosmology for example, there has been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be finally adjusted to the development of intelligence, and in particular, for the development of universal states that maximize diversity of possible future.
Finally, in the robotic movement, there's been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to harness the skills of robots to maximize the future freedom of action with the end of doing complex tasks.
And so taking all these different issues and putting them together, I asked, for several years ago, there's a underlying mechanism for intelligence that we could extract from all these different problems?
Is there just a equation for intelligence?
And I think the answer is yes. What you're seeing is probably the closest equivalent to one and = the intelligence I've ever seen.
So what you're seeing here is a statement that intelligence is a force that acts with the end of maximize the future freedom of action.
It acts to maximize the future freedom of action, or keeping the open choices, with a force with you, with the diversity of possible future sustainability, yes, until an impending time future, it happened.
In a nutshell, intelligence doesn't like to be caught up.
intelligence tries to maximize the future freedom of action and maintain open choices.
And so, having this equation, it's natural to ask: What can you do with this?
How predictive is it?
It predicts the level of human intelligence approach.
Does artificial intelligence predict artificial intelligence.
So I'm going to show you now a video that I think, showing some of the amazing applications of this simple equation.
Narrator: recent research research has suggested that the universes that produce more destruction, or control, during their life should have a tendency to more favorable conditions for intelligent beings like us.
But what if that context connection between entropy and intelligence gives you a deeper relationship.
What if behavioral behavior doesn't only correlate with the production of long-term entropy that actually comes straight from it?
In order to figure out, we've developed a software engine called Arabia, designed to maximize the production of long-term entropy in any system in which it finds within.
Amazingly, International could spend multiple evidence of animal intelligence, playing human games, and even winning money trading actions, all of that without that would have been done to do that.
Here are some examples of Apple in action.
Just like a standing human piece of foot here, here we see Arab balancing automatically a stupid using a cart.
This behavior is remarkable in part because we never gave it to America a goal.
He simply decided to balance the poet.
This ability of equilibrium will have applications for human robotics and human assistance technologies.
This ability of use of tools will have applications in intelligent manufacturing and agriculture.
In addition, just like some other animals can cooperate from the extreme opposite of a rope at the same time to release food, here we see that Republican can make a version of the model of that task.
This capacity of cooperation has interesting consequences for economic planning and a variety of other fields.
It's widely applicable to a variety of communications.
For example, here we see it successfully playing a game of putting against itself, showing its potential for play.
So here we see Republican to look at new connections in a social network where friends are constantly disconnected and kept successful network with success.
This same network of resource observation also has applications in health care, energy and intelligence.
Here we see America organizing the routes of a ship fleet -- discovering successfully and using Panama Canal to expand the global level of the Atlantic to the Pacific.
In the same way, International is widely applicable to problems in autonomous defense and logistics and transportation.
Finally, here we see Arab to be able to discover and execute a competition of buying -- selling in a simulated series of actions, actually increasing assets under their forming institution.
This risk of risk management will have big applications in finance, and in sure.
Alex Germany? What you've seen is that a variety of intelligent human behaviors such as the use of tools, walking upright and social cooperation -- everybody derived from a single equation, which leads to a system to maximize their future freedom of action.
Now, here's a deep irony here.
We go back at the beginning of the term of the term term, the work "Word -- there was always the concept that if we developed smart machines, there would be a cyber rebellion, a cyber rebellion, there would be a cyber rebellion test.
The machines would rise against us.
One of the biggest implications of this work is that maybe all of these decades, we've had all the concept of cyber rebellion in reverse.
It's not that machines first become smart and then magical and they try to get out of the world.
It's all the opposite, that the urge to take control of all possible future is a more fundamental principle than the intelligence of intelligence, that general intelligence can actually rise directly from taking control, instead of being backwards.
Another important implication is the pursuit of the goal.
They often ask me, how do you look for goals that look like this kind of shape?
My equivalent to that statement to go to the descendants to help them build artificial intelligence or to help them understand human intelligence, is the following: intelligence must be seen as a physical process that tries to maximize the future freedom of action and avoid restrictions in their own future.
Thank you very much.
We're at a tipping point in human history, something between the forest of stars and losing the planet we call "Changer."
Although, in the last few years, we've expanded a lot of our knowledge of how the Earth fits in the context of the universe.
The NASA Millennium mission has discovered thousands of possible planets orbiting around other stars, which points to the Earth is only one between the billions of planets of our galaxy.
Kepler is a space telescope that measures the master story of stars when planets go through them, and they block a little bit of that light that comes to us.
The data collected by Kepler show the size of planets besides the distance that there is between them and their stem star.
And together, this helps us understand whether these planets are small and the side planets like the land planets of our solar system, and also the amount of light they receive from their sun.
At the same time, this gives clues about whether these planets that we find are habitable or not.
Unfortunately, while we're finding this property of potentially habitable worlds, our own planet is falling under the weight of humanity.
The year 244 was the most dangerous record.
Getting and sea ice that have been with us from now are disappearing in a matter of decades.
These environmental changes that we've caused on global scale have overcome rapidly our ability to alter their course.
But I'm not a scientist of the weather, no association.
I study the ability of the planet influenced by stars, with hope to find places in the universe where we discover life beyond our planet.
You could say that I look for alien opportunities in the system sector.
Now, as someone who is very interested in the search for life in the universe, I can tell you that the more I look for Earth-like planets to the Earth, the more enjoy our own planet.
Each of these new worlds invited a comparison between the newly discovered planet and the planets that we know better, our solar system.
Take our neighbor neighbor Mars.
Mars is small and small and despite being a little farther from the Sun, you can consider a potentially stable world showing this by a mission like the Kepler site.
In fact, it's possible that Mars has been habitable in the past, and in part, that's why we studied Mars.
Our volunteers like the Sunday tracking their surface in search for clues about the origins of life as we know it.
The satellites that orbit it, like the Brother mission, take samples of the Martian atmosphere, and they try to understand how Mars has been able to lose their ability.
private companies now offer not just short flight flights but the ability to live on Mars.
But even though all of these early images remind us from the deserts of our planet, places that are linked in our imagination with the strange and power ideas compared to Earth, Mars is a pretty terrible place to live.
Take the extension of the desert areas of our planet that are still going to be controlling, places really experienced compared to Mars.
Even in the driest and most earthquake places on Earth, the air is fresh and exposed oxygen by our tropical forests to thousands of miles away.
I worry that this excitement for the colonization of Mars and other drag planets got a big and sad station -- the implication and the belief of some of the things that Mars waiting there to save us from this liquid distribution of the only planet that we know is truly livable the Earth.
And so I like the interplanetary exploration, I'm deep to disagree with this idea.
There are a lot of good reasons to go to Mars, but to say that Mars will be there to save humanity is like imagining that the Titanic captain will tell us that the list of truth will have place later on the wild.   Thank you.
But the goals for the interplanetary exploration and the terrestrial preservation don't meet.
No, they're actually faces of the same coin, the goal of understanding and preserving and improve life in the future.
The extreme environments present in our world as extraterrestrial steps.
They're just getting closer to home.
If we can understand how to create and maintain habitable spaces, in the hostile and unexpected areas of the land, maybe we can satisfy the need to preserve our environment and go beyond that.
I leave you with a mental experiment -- the Facebook paradox.
A lot of years ago, Enrico Fermi Fermi said, having in account that our universe has existed for a long time, and we hope that there were a lot of planets in this universe, we should have found evidence of alien life for now.
Well, where are they?
Well, a possible solution to the paradox of Facebook is that when civilizations become advanced enough to consider to live between the stars, they lose the notion of how important it is to protect the origin of planets that propelled this development.
It's arrogant to think that just the interplanetary colonization will save us from ourselves, but the planetary preservation and exploration can work together.
If we really believe in our ability to take the environmental environments of Mars for the human presence, then we should be able to overcome the task even easier to preserve the ability on Earth.
Thank you.
A few years ago, I took my own home.
And while I was on the front porch looking at my pockets, I realized that I didn't have the keys.
In fact, I could see the window that were at the dining table, where I had left them.
So quickly I tried to open all the other doors and windows and they were all well closed.
I thought about calling a visceral -- at least I had my cell phone, but in the midnight, a bee could take a lot of time to come in, and he was cold.
I couldn't go back home from my friend of Jeff to spend night because I had an early flight to Europe to the next morning, and I was talking about my passport.
It would be expensive, but sure not more expensive than a certain career in the middle of the night, so I thought, despite the circumstances, I worked out well.
I'm a professional neuroscientist, and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress.
It releases the heart rate that increases heart rhythm, movement levels of adrenaline and shipping the thought.
And when I got to the manufacturing counter at the airport, I realized that I didn't have my passport.
Well, I had a lot of time to think about those eight hours without sleep.
And I started wondering, if there was something that I could do, systems that could put in their place, that prevent bad things happen.
Or at least, if you happen bad things, that minimize the likelihood that it's a total catastrophe.
So I started thinking about it, but until a month later, my thoughts didn't catch my thoughts.
I was dinner with my colleague Danny Kanzi, convention of the Nobel Prize, and a little embarrassed told him that I broke the window, and, that I had forgotten my passport. And Danny shared with me that I had been practicing something called a process process.
It's something he had learned from psychologist Gary Kelly, who had written about this a few years earlier, also known as the memory.
Everybody knows what the programmer is.
Every time there's a disaster, a team of experts comes and tries to figure out what went wrong, right?
In the memory, as Daniel, you look forward and tries to figure out all the things that might be wrong, then trying to figure out what can do to prevent things to prevent things or minimize the damage.
So what I want to talk to you about with you is some things that we can do in the shape of a proposition.
Some of them are independent, others are not so evident.
I'm going to start with the obvious.
In the house, I will figure out a place for things that are easily lost.
This sounds common sense, and it is, but there's a lot of science that supports this storytelling, based on how our spatial memory works.
There is a structure in the brain called the hippocampus, which has evolved over thousands of years, to make a tracking of the location of important things, where the fish are, where the fish are, which is where the proposition trees are living in, where the tribes are living and flies.
The hippocampus is the part of the brain that is getting out of London.
It's the part of the brain that allows the pills to find their nuts.
And if you ask if someone really did the experiment, they cut the emotional sense of the pills and yet they could find their nuts.
They didn't use the foster, but the hippocampus, that very evolved mechanism of the brain to find things.
But it's really good for things that don't move much, not so good for things that are moving a lot.
This is the reason to lose the car keys, strands of reading and parachutes.
So at home, they pause a place for the keys, a hook along the door, maybe a decorative dish.
For your passport, a particular box.
For their reading glasses, a particular specialist.
If you give you a place and they're exposed to it, you will always be there when you look for them.
What about the travels?
Take a picture of your credit cards, a driver's license, a pattern of driving, parachute by email for themselves to be in the cloud.
If these things are lost or steal them, this can make sustainability.
These are some of the most obvious things.
Remember, when you're under stress, the brain releases the record.
The perception is toxic and it's entertainment thinking.
So part of the practice is to recognize that under stress we will not be at the best moment, and you have to put the systems in their site.
And there's perhaps no more stressful situation than when you face a medical decision.
And at some point, we're all going to be in that situation, to have to make a very important decision about the future of our medical attention, or the one being wanted to help them with a decision.
And so I want to talk about that.
And I'm going to talk about a very particular medical condition.
But this is collected as a prototype for all of the medical decisions, and in fact for the decision of financial decisions and social decisions, any kind of decision that you have to take out of a rational assessment of the facts.
So suppose you go to the doctor and the doctor says, "I've got the outcome of the lab and the cholesterol is a little bit high.
You all know that high cholesterol is associated with a greater risk of cardiovascular disease, attack the heart, serending brain.
So you're thinking that having the high cholesterol is not the best, then the doctor says, "I'd like to give you a drug that will help you reduce the control, a station."
And maybe you've heard about the statistics, and you know it's one of the most recorded drugs in the world today. It's probably likely you know people who take them.
So you think, "Yes, I get the status of it."
But there's a question that you should do then, a statistics that has to be asked for which most doctors don't want to speak, and the pharmaceutical companies even less.
It's for DNA, the number needs to treat.
And what is this, the DNA?
It's the number of people who have to take a drug or take a surgery in any medical procedures before a person.
And should you think about what kind of statistics that is described is that?
The number must be one.
My doctor wouldn't remind me if I wasn't going to help you.
But actually, medical practice doesn't work like this.
And it's not the fault of the doctor, and if it's someone's fault.
We haven't understood very well the underlying mechanisms.
But the estimates of Broke that 90 percent of drugs works only 30 to 50 percent of the people.
So the number needs to treat the more widely recovery list, what do you think it is?
How many people have to take it before they help a person?
300 dollars.
This on the research of the cynical researchers Robert Leonedbuda and Mandela Harvard, confirmed independently by Rebelliey.
I myself explore the numbers.
300 people have to take the drug for a year before avoiding a single heart attack, brain spill or another adverse event.
Now maybe you think, "Well, one probability in 300 of my collection will go down.
Why don't we? Let me give you the recipe anyway.
But then you have to ask for a more statistics, and it's "The "search of the side effects -- right?
For this particular drug, the side effects produce in five percent of the patients.
And those include terrible things -- talented muscle and articulate pain and organization, international pain, but now you think, "The five percent is not very likely to happen to me, even to take the medication.
But a moment.
Remember that under stress don't think clearly.
So think about how we look at this over time, so they don't have to make the mating chain in the act.
300 people take the drug, right? A person has helped them, five percent of the 300 have side effects, that's 15 people.
You have 15 times more likely to get out of the drug that you help you medicine.
I don't say they should or not take the station.
I just say you should have this conversation with your doctor.
The medical ethic requires it, it's part of the beginning of informed consent.
We have access to having access to this kind of information to start the conversation about whether you want to take risks or not.
You may be thinking that I've launched this number in the air for the value of the crash, but actually this number needs to treat is quite typical.
For the surgery that you do in men older than 50 -- and interacting from prostate treatment, the number needs to treat is 43.
So, 49 surgeries for a person who has helped you.
And the side effects in that case are produced by 50 percent of the patients.
Those include the protein or a erectile dysfunction, interviewing tradition, straight law, fecal imagination.
And if you get lucky, and it's one of that 50 percent of the effects just will last one year or two.
So the idea of the reproduction is to think before time the questions that you can try to drive the conversation forward.
You don't have to do this in the act.
And they also want to think about quality of life.
Because you have a choice a lot of times, you want a more short life free life, or a longer life that might have a lot of pain to the end?
These are the things that they talk about and think about now, with their family and their loved ones.
They can change the heat of the moment, but at least you are trained in this kind of thought.
Remember, our brain releases strategic under stress, and one of the things that happens at that moment is that you turn a lot of systems.
There's a evolutionary reason for this.
Face to face with a predator -- it doesn't need the digestive system or the limited or the immune system, because if the body is spending metabolism in those things, it doesn't react with repertoire. They could get to be the lunch of lions -- so none of that matters.
Unfortunately, one of the things that goes through the window during those moments is the rational logical thinking, like Danny Kanzile and his colleagues have demonstrated it.
So we have to train ourselves to think about the future to these kinds of situations.
I think the important thing here is to recognize that we're all subjectives.
We're all going to fail at all.
The idea is to think about the future how they could be those failures, to put the systems in the place that will help to minimize the damage, or to prevent bad things happen in the first place.
By decorating the night of snow in Montreal -- when I came back from my journey, my contractor installed a combination of combination alongside the door, with a key door door in the same way, a easy way to remember it.
And I have to admit that I still have lots of letters that I haven't ordered and lots of messages of mail that I haven't read.
So I'm not very negotiative, but I see the organization as a gradual process, and I'm doing it.
Thank you very much.
Interpreter: piano Mark, "Here is my favorite musical symbols.
It means playing very often.
If you're playing a musical instrument, you see a "Parison on the score, you need to play more sure.
Two costs, even more successful.
Four computers, extremely small.
This is my drawing of a duck tree, and you see that it doesn't matter how many thousands and thousands of or so may be, you never get to a complete silence.
That's my definition of silence -- a very dark sound.
I'd like to share a little bit about the history of the American American system, the Atlanta, in addition to a little bit of my own story.
The language of French signs came over the 1980s, and over time, it mixes with local signs, and we developed the language that we know as Alexander.
So it has a story of about 200 years.
I was born deaf, and they taught me to believe that sound was not a part of my life.
And I believed it was true.
But now I realize that it's not true for nothing.
Sounds are a very important part of my life, really they're in my mind every day.
As a deaf person who lives in a world of sound, it's like I lived in a foreign country, following their rules, systems, behaviors and norms without questioning them.
So how do I understand the sound?
Well, I see how people behave and respond to sound.
People are like my antibiotics and they amplify sound.
Learning and copying that behavior.
At the same time, I've learned I can create sound, and I've seen how people respond to.
So I learned, for example.
"Don't kick the "Planet?"
"Don't do a lot of noise in eating the bag of the robot paper."
"Don't restrict, and when you're eating, I'm sure you don't throw the covers on the post."
This is all called the sound "sex of sound.
Maybe I think of the sound tag more than the average person does it.
I'm super support of sound.
And I'm always waiting for the sound of sound, which is for coming next.
From there, this drawing.
EDI: For deciding to say.
CA: So for me.
DH: So for sure.
You can see that the score doesn't have notes on the lines.
That's because the lines already contain sound through the subtle and the stores.
In deaf culture, movement is equivalent to sound.
This is the signal for Portugal in the Atlanta.
A typical score has five lines.
But for me, I'm going to do this with my thumb that doesn't feel natural.
That's why I only have four lines on paper.
In 2008, I had the opportunity to travel to Berlin, Germany, for an artistic view there.
Before this time, I had worked as a painting.
During this summer, I visited museums and spaces of different galleries and as I went from one place to another, I realized that there was no visual art there.
At that time, the sound was the trend and that called me the attention.
There was no visual art, it was all auditory.
Now the sound has entered my art of art.
Am I going to spend more of the art?
I realized that it doesn't have to be like this.
In fact, I know the sound.
I know it so well that it's not only experienced through the ears.
I can feel it as a tactile way, or experiencing it visually, or even an idea.
So I decided to reclaim sound ownership and integrate it in my artistic practice.
And all that had taught me about sound, I decided to leave it and learn it.
I started to create a new body of work.
And when I presented it to the artistic community, I was impressed with the amount of support and attention I got.
I realized that sound is like money, power, control, social currency.
At the bottom of my mind, I always felt that sound was a blog, it was something of a personal person.
And sound is so powerful that well it could be allowed to me and my artistic work, or I could empower me.
I chose I would be protected.
There's a massive culture around the spoken language.
And just because I don't use my literal voice to communicate, the eyes of society is like I didn't have a voice at all.
So I have to work with people who can support me from the same as and become my voice.
That way I'm able to be relevant in today's society.
So in school, at work and institutions, I work with many different interpretations of Alasma.
And his voice becomes my voice and identity.
They help me be heard.
And their voices have value and weight.
Ironically, when I borrow their voices, I'm able to maintain a temporary form of value as well as taking a loan with a very high interest.
If I didn't continue to continue with this practice, I feel like I could get into the forget and not have any kind of social value.
So with sound like my new artistic medium, I was deep in the world of music.
And I was surprised to see the similarities between music and Al.
For example, a musical note can't capture and express completely on paper.
And the same thing can be said in Iraq.
The two are very polite and highly modulated what it means that subtle changes can affect all the meaning as much as the sounds of sound.
I'd like to share you a metaphor metaphor, so that they understand better how the Atlantane works.
So, imagine a piano.
The Arab is divided in many different grammar parameters.
If you assign a different pattern for each finger while you touch the piano, like facial expression, the body movement -- speed, speed, the shape of your hand and so on, while the piano, the English is a linear language, as if you would only put a keyboard at a time.
However, the Atlantan is more like a chord -- you need the 10 fingers in a simultaneous way to express a clear concept or an idea in analysis.
If only one keyboard would change the chord and create a completely different meaning.
The same thing happens with music in terms of the size, and the fear and volume.
In Arabia, by using these different grammar parameters -- you can express different ideas.
For example, the signal signal in that."
This is the satellite sign in that."
I'm looking at you.
Looking at me.
Oh, they got me.
"A day.
What are you looking at?
Oh, enough.
So I started thinking, and if I look at the Arab through the lens of music?
If I had to create a sign and repeated it over and over again, it could become a piece of visual music.
For example, this is the sign of "Dad," the sun comes out and put it out.
This is all day."
If you repeat it and reduce the speed, it visually looks like a piece of music.
Every day.
I feel that the same thing can be said from all night.
All night.
This is all night, in this drawing.
And this led me to think about about three different types of night -- "National "The night?
I feel the third has more music than the other two.
This represents how time in Alasma and how the distance of the body can express changes over time.
For example, one house. It's a hand, two messages. It's two hands, the present gets closer and in front of the body, the future is in front of the body, and the past is on the back.
So the first example is a long time ago."
Then, "for "Good" -- and the last one, which is my favorite, with a very romantic and dramatic idea at the same time, "There was once.
Time "me is a musical term with a specific pace of four times per se.
However, when I see the word "moment "momentous: I think automatically at the same time."
Look at Millenni: hand right -- I, left hand.
We have the plant through the head and the chest.
"Oh my God, Most Golden, "Good Times Monies "The President, E, grade booth I'm going to show you a form of the hand called "Great "Florida."
Can you do it with me?
Everybody with the hands tall.
Now we're going to do it both in the head like the chest, something like common monkey or "The same time."
Yeah, very good.
That means to eat in the international system.
The international system, as a note, is a visual tool to help communicate in all cultures and languages of signs around the world.
The second I'd like to show you is this: Please do it again with me.
And now this.
It means "library in the Atlanta.
Now, the third one, please get me back.
And again.
It's "seam in the Alasma.
We're going to do the three together.
"We will make weather "me and "Plastic and "named "memorias."
Good job.
Look at how the three signs are very similar. They all happen in the head and the chest. But they transmit very different meaning.
It's amazing to see how the Alasma is alive and prosperous -- just like music.
However, today, we live in a very correlating world.
And just because the Arab doesn't have sound, automatically no social value.
We have to start questioning what defines social value and allow the analysis to develop its own value, without sound.
And this could be a step to make a more inclusive society.
And maybe people understand that you don't have to be deaf to learn Antarctica. You don't have to hear music to learn music.
The Atlanta is a rich search and I'd like you to have the same experience.
I'd like to invite you to open your ears, open the eyes, to participate in our culture and experience our visual language.
And you never know, they can even fall in love with us.
Thank you.
Design Karry, hey, that's me.
As a child, my parents said, "You can put it all, but then you have to clean it up, but then you have to clean it up.
Freedom involves responsibility.
But my imagination led me to all these wonderful places, where everything was possible.
So I grew up in a consequence bubble or a ignorance bubble I have to say, because adults are lied to protect us from the awful truth.
When I get older, I found out that adults are also going to evolve and that they're not very good to clean each other.
The time, I'm now an adult and teaching citizen and invention in Hong Kong.
You don't have to wait a lot for my students to walk through the beach of the beach with lots of garbage.
So as good citizens, we clean the beaches, and no, it's not drinking alcohol, and if it is, I didn't do it.
It's sad to say, but more than 80 percent of the oceans contain plastic.
It's an amazing thing.
And in the last decades, we've been coming out with these big ships and networks, to collect those plastic bits to study them under the microscope, and we classify them and collect this information on a map.
But it lasts an eternity and it's very expensive, and it's also very risky to use those huge balls.
So along with my students, with ages of six to 15 years, we are trying to invent a better way.
We've transformed our tiny classroom in Hong Kong in a workshop.
We started building this mission of affordable work so that very low kids can also participate.
And I'm going to tell you, kids who manipulate electrical tools feel great and secure.
Not exactly.
Let's go back to the plastics.
We collected the plastic, and we reduce it into the size that we found it in the ocean, which is very small, because of its replace.
That we do.
I leave it to the imagination of my students.
My job is to try to take the best ideas of every child and try to combine them into something we hope to work.
We decided that instead of collecting bits of plastic, we just collect information.
By using a robot, we take a picture of this plastic -- children are very excited about robots.
Then we actually created what we call "a prototype."
We are so fast in creating prototypes that we end before lunch.
And we transform light and camera cameras and we plug it into a floating robot that will move slowly through the water and the plastic that we have there, and this is the image captured by the robot.
We see the plastic bits floating slowly through the sensor while the computer computer processing this image and measure the size of every particle, to get a similar estimate of the amount of plastic in the water.
We document this invention step into a website called infrastructure called "Pathologist with hope that someone else is even more.
The cool thing about this project is that students saw a local problem, and they are trying to fix it immediately.
"I can investigate my local problem, but my students in Hong Kong are very well informed kids.
You see the news, they put the Internet, and they got together with this image.
A child, maybe less than 10 years, cleaning a oil oil spill, just using the hands in States, the world's largest military forest in Bangladesh.
They were very surprised because this is the water that babies, it's the water in which the water is made, the water where they go down, the place where they live.
You can also see that the water is brown, the mud and the oil are also color brown and when everything is mixed up, it's very difficult to see what's in the water.
But there's a simple technology called the concept, which allows you to see what's in the water.
We built a first prototype of a spectrum that can transform through all kinds of substances that produce different diseases, which can help identify what is in the water.
We took this prototype with a sensor and sent it to Bangladesh.
The great thing about this project is that beyond solving a local problem, or analyzing a local problem, my students used their empathy and their sense of creativity to help other children.
I can investigate a problem in a distance, and I saw myself forced to do a second experiment, and I wanted to go a little further, maybe to address a harder problem, and also closer to me.
I'm half Japanese and five French and maybe remember, that in 2011, there was a devastating earthquake in Japan.
It was so violent that they evoke several giant waves, called tsunami, and those tsunami destroyed several cities on the East coast of Japan.
More than 14,000 people died in an instant.
It also gives the power of nuclear power from Saudi -- a nuclear center near water.
And today, according to the reports an average 300 tons are still leaking out of nuclear plant in the Pacific Ocean.
Today, all of the Pacific Ocean has layers of pollution by 1875.
If we go to the west coast, we can measure Burden radiation everywhere.
But if you look at the map, it looks like most of the radiation disappeared from the Japanese coast, and most of the time, it looks secure -- it's blue.
Well, reality is a little more complicated than that.
I've come back to Human every year from the accident and researching independently with other scientists, the land, the river, and this time we wanted to bring the children.
Of course we didn't take them, parents didn't allow them.
But every night we reported to the control center, here you see the use of different districts.
It might seem like they didn't take the work seriously, but they did it because they are going to have to live with property all their life.
Along with them we discussed the data collected that day, and we talk about what we were going to do next, the strategies -- and so on.
And to do this, we created a medical map of the region around the nuclear energy plant.
We created the map of the approach, we introduced fragments to represent data in real time of architecture, and we suck water to simulate the rain.
With this we were able to notice that the radioactive dust was filtering from the top of the mountain to the Arab system and destroyed in the ocean.
It was a similar estimate.
But based on this we organized a civil expedition, the closest to nuclear power to date.
We approached up to a half miles of nuclear control, and with the help of fishermen of the area we were collecting the sea milk sediments with a disease tracking as we invented and built.
Here we see a progression -- we've gone from a local problem to a remote problem, to a global problem.
And it's been very exciting to work in these different scales, also with open-source technologies and very simple.
But at the same time, it's been increasingly frustrating because we've only been starting to measure the damage we've done.
We haven't even begun trying to solve problems.
I wonder if we should take the leap and try to invent better ways of doing all of these things.
So the classroom became a little bit small therefore we found a industrial installation in Hong Kong and we become the largest space dedicated to social and environmental impact.
It's in the center of Hong Kong and it's a place where we can work with wood, metal chemistry, a little bit of biology, of optical practice, basically you can build almost everything there.
It's also a place where adults and children can play together.
It's a place where children dream can become reality with adult aid, and where adults can be children again.
Students: "The plate? Cleaner.
To sex factory, we ask things like, can we invent the future of mobility with renewable energy?
For example.
Or can we help in the mobility of the population of advanced age transforming their chairs of stress in new electrical vehicles.
The plastic, oil and artists are terrible legacy, but the worst legacy we can leave our children are lies.
We cannot afford to protect kids from horrible because we need their imagination to invent the solutions.
So, of scientists, designers, darkers, we have to prepare the next generation to get care about the environment and people, and so that I can actually do something about it.
Thank you.
Two twin domes -- two radically opposite design.
One is made of thousands of pieces of steel, the other one of a single silk silk sign.
One of them is synthetic -- the other organic one.
One is impose on the environment, the other thing creates it.
One is designed by nature, the other for it.
Miguel George said that when he looked at the yellow monkey, he saw a figure that struggle for being free.
The cinema was only a single Nick London tool.
But living beings are not concerned.
They grow.
And in the smallest units of life, cells, we take all the information required by every cell to work and to replicate it.
The tools also have consequences.
At least since the Industrial Revolution, the design world has been dominated by production of manufacturing and production in mass.
The assembly lines have made a world made out of parts by redesigning the imagination of designers and architects trained to think of their objects as experiences of physical parts with different functions.
But you don't find the assembly of material material in nature.
Think about human skin, for example.
Our facial skins are thin with doctor delivered.
The skin skins are more thick with little bottles.
You act primarily as a filter, the other primarily as a barrier, and yet it's the same skin, there's no parts -- there's no exploration.
It's a system that varies gradually its functionality through the variation of electricity.
Here's a divided screen that represents my view of the world, the double personality of every designer and architect in working today between cinema and gene between the machine and the gene, between the assembly and the growth, between Henry Ford and Charles Darwin.
These two visions of the world, my left hemisphere, and the right, analysis and synthesis -- it shows in the two screens after me.
My work, at the simplest level, tries to bring these two visions of the world, moving out of assembly and approaching growth.
You probably ask, "Why now?
Why wasn't this possible 10 or even five years ago?
We live in a very special moment in history, a rare moment, where four disciplines that are offering designers to access to the tools that we never had access to before.
And in the intersection of these four fields, my team and I created it.
Please know the minds and the hands of my students.
We designed objects, products, structures and tools through scale, large scale, like this robotic arm with a 24 meters of diameter with a special basis that one day not very far to print up and print together and interactive nationalism made of genetically modified genetically modified genetically modified genetically modified genetically modified materials.
Here we have reinvent the picture, an archetype of the ancient Arab architecture, and it has created a screen where each coverage is a unique size to model the shape of light and heat through it.
In our next project, we explored the possibility of creating a layer and a failure. This was for a fashion display of Paris with Iran van There's Hisualk -- it's like a second skin made from one piece of music, rich in the contexts, flexible around the waist.
Along with 3D 3D printing company, we print this layer and 3D 3D but I will show you more objects like that.
This helmet combines rigid and soft materials in the resolution of 20 microscopes.
This is the resolution of a human hair.
It's also the resolution of a CEO scanner.
That designers have access to this high resolution, and the synthetic instruments, allow them to design products that adapt not only the shape of our bodies, but also the physiological structure of our tissues.
We've also designed a acoustic chair, a chair at the structural time, and also it absorbs sound.
Professor Carter -- my collaborator came back to nature to inspire us, and by designing this irregular surface pattern, it becomes absolute antibiotics.
We print this surface of 44 different properties, which are going to vary in the energy, and the ability and color, correspond to the points of pressure in the human body.
Their surface, as in nature, would vary its functionality not through the addiction of another material or another assembly but moving continuously and widely the material property.
But is the ideal nature of it?
There are no parts in nature?
I wasn't raised in a religious Jewish home, but when I was young, my grandmother told me stories about the Hebrew Bible, and one of them came up and I was going to define a lot of what I care about.
As she starts in -- "In the third day of the creation, God sent the Earth to grow a fruit from computer controlled.
For that first fruit tree, there would be no difference between trunk, branches and leaves and shorts.
All the tree was a fruit.
Instead, the land made trees with branches and cortex, flowers and flowers.
The Earth created a world made of parts.
I often ask myself, "What would be the design if objects were made from a single piece?
Are we going to go back to a better state of creation?
So we looked for the biblical material, the kind of material tree material with fruit and we found it.
The second most abundant polymer on the planet is called the angle, and about 100 million tons are produced every year by organisms like shrimp, crabs, stress and butterflies, computers.
We thought that if we could tune their properties, we could generate functional structures in one piece.
So that's what we did.
We call it legal microbes.  We asked a lot of cards to shrimp, we shape them and we produced stages of same stage.
Now, the chemical conditions, we have been able to achieve a broad range of properties, from dark, hard and opaque, to the light, soft and transparent.
In order to print the large-scale structures, it built a system with multiple biological explorations of all controlled areas.
The robot could vary the properties of the material on the march and create these structures made from one matter of only three feet long, 100 percent recyclable percent.
When the pieces are ready, they let them dry to find a natural shape to contact with air.
So why do we keep designing with plastic with plastic with plastic that we continue to design.
The air bubbles that were a production of the printing process were used to contain synthetic magicians that first showed up on the planet about three billion years ago, as we heard yesterday.
Together with our collaborators at Harvard and MIT, we integrated the bacteria designed genetically to capture the very carbon carbon and turn it into sugar.
For the first time, we have been able to generate structures that make their transition without a mesh problem, and if you extend even more, to windows.
A fruit fruit tree.
Working with an old material, one of the first forms of life on the planet, with abundant water, and with a little bit of synthetic biology, we've transformed a structure made of cartoons of shrimp in an architecture that behaves like a tree.
And here's the best part, for objects designed to study, put in the sea, to feed the marine life -- and placed in the ground, will help grow a tree.
The goal for our next exploration using the same design principles was the solar system.
We look for the possibility of creating clothes to keep life for planetary travel.
To do that, we need to master bacteria and control its flow.
So as the periodic table, we made our own emotion table, new forms of life created comparable, manufacturing and ancient forms in biological ways.
I like to think of synthetic biology like liquid fluid, just instead of dragging precious metals -- they synthesize new biological skills within very small channels.
This field is called a computation.
We print our own 3D channels to control the flow of these liquid bacterial crops.
In our first piece of clothing, they combine two magnetics.
The first is the character.
It lives in our oceans and the freshwater of fresh water.
And the second, E. collection, the bacteria that exists in the human intestine.
One convert light into sugar, the other sugar consumption and produces useful biofuels for the built environment.
But these two microorganisms, they don't interact in nature.
In fact, they never met.
They're here, designed for the first time, to have a relationship in a piece of clothes.
Think about it as evolution, not by natural selection, but evolution by design.
In order to contain these relationships, we've created a single channel that resembles the digestive tract that will help them flow these bacteria and they alter their function.
So we started to grow those channels in the human body, by changing the properties of the material according to the desired functionality.
If we wanted more so -- we designed more transparent channels.
This post-building system, when you stretch from one end to another, 60 meters.
This is half the length of a football field, and 10 times more than our thin intestine.
And here it is, as the first one at TED, our first sustainable synthetic channels with life inside the clothing.
Thank you.
Mary Leone said, "We're trailer fastest creatures, only half is done."
What if design is going to provide the other half.
What if we could create structures that increase living matter?
What if we could create personal microbes that would scan our skin, repair the damaged tissue and put our bodies together?
Think about this as a way to edit biology.
I call this material ecology.
For that, you always have to go back to nature.
For now, you know that a 3D printer printed material in layers.
You also know that nature doesn't do this.
It grows. It comes with diagnosis.
This call of the worm -- for example, creates a highly sophisticated architecture, a home within which it gets marketer.
The nonprofit manufacturing is about this level of discussions.
It does it through the combination of two materials, but two proteins in different concentration.
An act as a structure, the other is the glue or the matrix, putting those fibers together.
And this happens through scales.
The silk worm first is presented in the environment, creates a tension structure, and then it starts to attach a shopping computer.
The tension and the commitment, the two forces of life, are manifest in a single material.
With the end of understanding how this complex process works, we glue a small magnet to the head of a silk worm to the shark.
We put it into a box with magnetic sensors, and that allowed us to create this cloud of points in three dimensions and visualize the complex architecture of the silk worm call.
However, by putting the silk worm on a flat park -- not inside a box, we realized that it was sharing a flat cell and still shock sounds.
So we started designing different environments -- different adventures, and we've discovered that the form, the composition -- the structure of the chicken, is transmitted directly by the environment.
It's often the silk worms to death within their lungs, their silk gets rid and used in the textile industry.
We saw that designing these plants, we could shape the raw silk without having a single calculation.
They were sort of sharping simpler, and we could create these things.
So we wrote this process to architectural scale.
We had a symbol making silk silk cells, and we put us in our site.
We knew that silk silk worms toward dark and cold areas -- so we use a solar supply diagram to reveal the distribution of light and heat in our structure.
So we created holes or subtle, to block the rays of light and heat, contributing the silk worms over the structure.
We were prepared to get the computers.
We put 150 worms from silk to a silk silk farm.
And after you feed them four weeks, they were prepared to fight with us.
We placed them carefully at the bottom edge of the carrion, and as they were living, they were built, they were going on, they were going to take eggs, and life starts again, like us, but much, much more short.
Business Fuller said that tension is the great integrity and he was right.
The hydrogen silk about the social silk settlement, give all this pavilion their integrity.
And in a little bit more than two or three weeks, six weeks, six miles of silk put up 65,000 miles.
In a curious symmetry -- this is also the length of the silk route.
The police, after the silence, produce 1.5 million eggs.
This could be used for 250 extra biologists in the future.
So here are the two visions of the world.
A silk silk through a robotic arm, the other one full empty arm.
If the last frontier of design is to give the products and buildings around us, to form a ecology of two materials, designers have to bring these two visions of the world.
Which brings us back, of course, at first.
Here is a new era of design, a new era of creation, which brings us from a design inspired in nature to a inspired nature in design, which demands from us, for the first time, that we make us charge of nature.
Thank you.
Thank you very much. Thank you.
Hands up if you've ever asked them, "What do you want to be from?
If you had to remember what age they had when they asked them for the first time this?
You can show it with fingers.
Three. Five. Three. Five. Five. Five.
Now, raise your hand if the question is, "What do you want to be from?
It has caused some kind of anxiety.
Any anxiety.
I'm somebody who could never answer the question, "What do you want to be from?
The problem wasn't that I didn't have any interest, but I had too much.
In school I liked English, the arts and art and developed websites, and then he played the guitar in a Japanese band called Labor Lester.
Maybe you've heard about us.
And in general, I like to try and persist anyway, for having spent a lot of time and energy and sometimes money in this field.
But over time this sense of discovery, this sense of discovery, this is no longer a challenge, it comes to me.
And I have to leave it.
But then I'm interested in something else, which is completely different, and I get immersed in it, and I'm going to let myself absorb and I feel "Yes." I've found the me," and then again this point where I start to get bored.
And finally, I want to leave it.
But then I'd like to discover something new and different, and I'd like to focus on that.
This pattern caused me a lot of anxiety for two reasons.
The first was because it wasn't sure how I was going to turn all this into a career.
I thought I had to choose one thing, to deny all of my other passions and let me get bored.
Another reason why I became so much anxiety was a little bit more personal.
I was worried that there was something wrong with this, and something wrong with me for not going to define myself.
I worry about being afraid of engagement, or being strong, or to add me or my own success.
If you can relate my story and these feelings, I would like to ask you something that I would like to have planted then.
Ask themselves, where they learned to assign the meaning of bad or abnormal to do things.
I'll tell you where they learned it, they learned from culture.
We are wondering what you want to be from?
When we have about five years old.
And the truth is that nobody cares about what you answer to that age.
You consider a naive question to provoke cute answers in children like, "I'm going to be "Australian" or "arrive" or "I want to be a barrier."
They insert the reflection of Hawking here.
This question is done over and over again as we grow in various ways, pain, the high school students are asked that they're going to pick up in college.
And at some point, "What do you want to be from?
It's going to be the cute exercise of before we get the dream.
Why?
While this issue inspired kids to dream with what they might be, not inspire to dream with everything they might be.
In fact, it does just the opposite, because when someone asks you what you want to be, you can't respond to 20 different things, even though adults are well-intentioned and say, "Oh, what cute, but you can't be anti-term and silence.
You have to choose.
This is Dr. Bob Colong --  -- and he's an art of violent and paradigm.
And this Amy Shanghai, researcher of magazine became a writer, business and teacher and creative director.
But most kids don't hear about people like this.
All you hear is that they will have to choose.
But it's more than that.
The contract of life is very smart in our culture.
It's this idea of fate, or the real rate, the idea that each of us has something to do with what will happen for your time on this land, and you have to figure out what that thing is and to devote your life to it.
But what if you're somebody who's not connected in this way?
What if there are many different issues that wake up their curiosity and a lot of different things that you want to do?
There's no place for someone like one in that frame.
And so you can feel alone.
You can feel that it doesn't have a goal.
And feeling there's something wrong with you.
There's nothing wrong in you.
You're a policy.
A chance is somebody with many interests and creative activity.
It's a bank for that to say.
It could help if you divide in three parts.
You can also use other terms that encourage the same idea, as an evidence, resistance.
During the time of the Renaissance, the ideal was who I was right in multiple disciplines.
Barbara Stewarts refers to us as "Search supplies.
Use any term you like or invent your own.
It seems to me as a kind of contraction to a community, we can't agree with one identity.
It is easy to see sustainability as a limitation or fiction that you should read.
But what I've learned by talking to people and writing about these ideas on my website, is that there are huge strengths in being this way.
Here are three capital superpowers here.
One: ideas.
I mean, the combination of two or more fields and creating something new in the intersection.
She was Harvard Bangladesh and Rachel Benjamin expressed their shared interests in photography, visualization of data, travel, mathematics and design, by founding the Start.
He is a company that creates all inspired jewels that are absolutely inspired by the time.
So to St. and Rachel came up with this unique idea for his record mixture of skills and experiences.
Innovation happens in intersections.
That's where new ideas.
And the funny, with all their internationality, can access a lot of these interest points.
The second genetic superpower is rapid learning.
When the policy is interested by something, we go to it.
We look at everything we can have in our hands.
We're used to be primarily interested, for having been a lot of times in the past, and this means that we have less afraid of testing new things and out of our comfort zones.
A lot of skills are substantial to other disciplines, and we bring everything we've learned to every new area that we breathe, so we rarely started from scratch.
Nelson John is a full-time journey and an independent discovery.
As a young child child perfect an incredible ability to develop the muscle memory.
Now, she's the fastest mechanical concern.
Before I became a writer, it was no financial physical professional.
He had to learn the most final sales mechanics when he started their practices, and this ability helps him write compelling leaders for publishers and editors for publishers for publishers for publishers for publishers to be able to write.
It rarely is a loss of time to get to what you get to it, even if at the end of it.
It's possible to apply that knowledge in a completely different field, in a way that you could not have anticipated.
The third general superpower is anticipation. That is, the ability to transform into anything you need in a given situation.
Alien Law is sometimes a video of videos, other people, designers of websites, sometimes consultant as Michael, sometimes teachers, and sometimes, apparently, James Bono.
It's valuable because it does a good job.
He's even more valuable because it can take various roles depending on the needs of their customers.
The Rosses Star Company, as the most important skill for development, to thrive in the 21st century.
The economic world changes so quickly and impressive that the individuals and organizations that can vote to satisfy the needs of the market, the ones that really will be producing.
The synthesis of ideas, fast learning and antibiotics, three skills where the flows are very familiar, and three skills that could be lost if they're prepared to reduce their goals.
As a society, we have a great interest to foster the capitalism that they are themselves.
We have complex problems, moral right now, and we need creative thinkers to deal with them.
Let's say they are, in your heart, specialists.
They came out of the belly knowing because they wanted to be pediatric destructions.
Don't worry, there's nothing wrong in you either.
In fact, some of the best teams get from a specialists and a competition compared.
The specialists can dive in depth and put up ideas and capitalism offers a knowledge of knowledge to the project.
It's a beautiful relationship.
But we all should design lives and careers that are combining the way we're connected.
And unfortunately, the capital in large parts are encouraged to simply be more like their specialized partners.
Once I said this, if there's one thing that you take out of this talk, I hope it is this: let's pick up with the wiring internal -- whatever it is.
If you're a heart specialist, then especially all the media.
That's where you're going to give the best one.
But for the capitalism in the room, including those who just realized being one of them in the last 12 minutes,  I say, recovery with your many passions.
Keep their curiosity for those contraction contractions.
They explore insects.
It leads us to a more authentic and more happy lives.
And perhaps most important, completely completely, the world needs us.
Thank you.
In 1911, a woman called Sunday took it to a psychiatric in Finding.
It was writing and couldn't remember even the most basic details of his life.
His doctor was called Twitter Laws.
Tomboos didn't know how to help State, but I was flying through her until that, unfortunately, passed in 1961.
After her death, Tony made a car and they found strange and weird plates in the Subster brain, of a guy who had never seen before.
The most amazing thing.
If you had been living today, we could not give it to it more help than the fact that Tony gave him 14 years ago.
The London was Dr. Thankship Bench.
And Somewhen Department, the first patient to get a diagnosis we now call Alzheimer's disease.
Since 1991 medicine has advanced a lot.
They have discovered antibiotics and vaccines to protect the infections. Many treatments for cancer, antibiotics for HIV, statistics for the properties and much more.
But gradually it's been progress in the treatment of Alzheimer's treatment.
I'm part of a team of scientists who work to find a cure for Alzheimer's for more than a decade.
So I think about this all the time.
Alzheimer's now affects 40 million around the world.
But in 2050, it will affect 150 million that, by the way, including many of you.
If you wait to live until the age of 85 or more, the possibility to contract Alzheimer's being almost one in two.
In other words, there is the probability that they spend their years distorted with Alzheimer's or helping care for a friend or be loved with Alzheimer's.
In the United States, the story of Alzheimer's costs 200 billion dollars every year.
One of five dollars of medical care is spent in Alzheimer's disease.
Today it's the most expensive disease and the cost of five times in the year 2050, as the generation of the baby bands.
You may surprise you, but Alzheimer's is one of the greatest medical and social challenges of our generation.
But it's been done relatively little to fight it.
Today, one of the top 10 causes of death from all over the world, Alzheimer's is the only one that cannot prevent it, cure or even slow its development.
We understand less than Alzheimer's than other diseases because we've invested less time and money in research of the same.
The U.S. government spends 10 times more every year in cancer research than in Alzheimer's research despite the fact that it costs more Alzheimer's and causes a similar number of deaths like cancer.
The lack of resources is due to a more fundamental cause, the lack of consciousness.
Because this is what few people know, but everybody should have -- Alzheimer's is a disease, and we can cure it.
For most of the last 14 years, everybody, scientists, confident Alzheimer's with aging.
We think it's going to be simple in a normal and inevitable part of aging.
But you just look at a picture of a healthy aging brain compared to a Alzheimer's Alzheimer's patient to see the real physical damage caused by this disease.
In addition to developing a severe loss of memory and mental skills -- the damage to the brain caused by Alzheimer's results significantly reduces life expectancy and it's always deadly.
Remember, Dr. Alzheimer's found plates and strange sheets in the brain of South Super a century.
For almost a century, we didn't know much about this.
Today we know that they're made of protein molecules.
You can think of a protein molecule like a piece of paper that folds like a origami.
There are places in the paper that are billion.
And when it folds well, these sticky dots end up inside.
But sometimes things go wrong, and some sticky dots stay on the outside.
This makes the protein molecules come to each other, forming groups that can form large plates and volunteers.
That's what we see in the patients with Alzheimer's brain.
We've spent the last 10 years at Cambridge University trying to understand how this dysfunction works.
There are a lot of steps and the identification of what happens to block is complex, like describing a bomb.
He would cut a cable could do nothing.
They can cut other people to make the bomb explode.
You have to find the right step that blocks it, and then create a drug that does it.
Until recently, at the most part, the wires have reduced and waited the best.
But now there's a diverse group of people, doctors, biologists, scientists, chemistry, physical, engineers and mathematics.
And together, we've managed to identify a critical step in the process. Now it's testing a new kind of drugs that blocked specifically this step to stop the disease.
Let me show you some of our last results.
No one outside our lab has seen yet.
Let's look at a few videos of what happened when we test these drugs in worms in worms of it.
These are the healthy worms and you can see that they move normally.
These worms on the other hand, they have protein molecules that attach to each other, as in humans with Alzheimer's humans.
And you can see that they're clearly sick.
But by giving our new drugs to these worms in a early stage, then we see that they sound and live a normal life.
This is just a positive initial result, but research like this shows that Alzheimer's is a disease that we can understand and cure.
After 14 years of hope, there is real hope of what can be achieved in the next 10 or 20 years.
But to grow that hope, to sell Alzheimer's disease, we need help.
It's not about scientists like me, it's about you.
We need to convince that Alzheimer's is a disease and that if we tried, we can sell it.
In the case of other diseases, patients and their families have gotten more research and exercise pressure on governments, pharmaceutical industry, about scientists and recordings.
That was essential to move forward in HIV treatment in the late 1980s.
Today we see that same unit to beat cancer.
But Alzheimer's Alzheimer's patients often can't speak for themselves.
And their families, the hidden victims, care of their loved ones day and night, are often too decentralized to go out and advocate for change.
So really depends on you.
Alzheimer's isn't in most cases a genetic disease.
Everybody with a brain runs the risk.
Today, there are 40 million patients like States, which cannot create the change that they need for themselves.
They help talk about them, and help demand a cure.
Thank you.
I published this article in the New York Times column in January this year.
To fall in love with someone, do this.
The article is a psychological study, designed to create romantic love in the lab, and from my own experience by testing it myself a night of the past summer.
So the procedure is pretty simple: two strangers get together to make 36 questions, and then they both look at the eyes without talking for four minutes.
Here's a couple of examples of example.
Number 12, if you could wake up tomorrow with a quality or skill, what would it be?
Number 28, when was the last time you cry another person?
And right?
As you move on, these are increasingly personal people.
Number 30 -- this really likes me -- tell your partner what you love from him or she -- I know very close this time, and I gave things that you wouldn't say to someone you've ever met.
When I stumbled on this study a few years ago, a detail really struck me the attention, the miles that two of the participants had married six months later and invited everything from the lab to the ceremony.
So I was skeptical about this process of making romantic love, but of course, I was also interested.
And when I had the time to test this study, with someone who knew not particularly very well, I didn't expect to love us.
However, we fell in love, and I thought it was a good story, so I sent it to the modern German column a few months later.
That was published in January, and now it's already August -- so I guess some of you probably ask yourself, are you going to do still together?
And the reason I think you question this is because I've done this question over and over again in the last seven months.
And this question is just what I want to talk about today.
But let's go back to the subject.
A week before the article was published, the article was very nervous.
I had been working on a romantic book in the last few years, so I had helped write about my experience in romantic love in my blog.
But a blog of blog can come to a few hundred views as a lot, and those were usually just from my friends of Facebook and imagine that my paper in the New York Times would probably reach thousands of views.
And that gave a good charge of attention in a relatively new relationship.
But as he said, I had no idea.
The article was released in line a Friday night, and already the Saturday, this happened in the traffic of my blog.
And the Sunday had already been called the Moderator Moderator and the God Medical Medical.
In a month, the article received over eight million hits, and I was, for saying something, little prepared for this kind of attention.
One thing is to build trust by writing with an obsession about its own loving experiences, but another thing is to discover that the loving life of one has been international news --  -- and people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship.
And when people call or write, what they did every day for weeks, always asked the same question: are they still together?
In fact, when I was preparing this talk, I did a quick search on my email with the phrase, "Well, "Hey still come?
And several messages appeared immediately.
They were students and journalists and contrast and strangers like this.
I was interviewed in radio and asked it.
I even gave a talk, and a woman passed up to the stage, "Hey Canada where your clinic is?
And immediately I got red.
I understand this is part of the deal.
If you write about your relationship in an international day, you should expect people to feel comfortable asking about it.
But I wasn't prepared for the interface of the answer.
The 36 questions seemed to have been able to have been lived alive.
In fact, the New York Times published a complementary article for San Kanto, which included the experiences of readers by testing the study in them with different degrees of success.
So my first impulse to all this attention was to be very restricted with my own relationship.
I said not to every request that we both did a public emergence together.
He made television interviews, and they reduce the pictures of photos of us two.
I think I was afraid to become the ancient animals of the process of entity process, a range for which I didn't feel at all.
And I understand that people didn't want to know just if the study worked, they wanted to know if it really works -- or whether it was able to produce prefered love, not just an adventure, but love -- cool love.
But this was a question that I didn't feel able to answer.
My relationship had just a few months, and I felt, especially people asked the wrong question.
How do we know if we were going to stay together or not, and also to say?
If the answer was not, would the experience of making these 36 less interesting questions.
Dr. Arthur Anthony wrote first about these questions in this same study in 1997, and there, the goal of the researcher was not producing romantic love.
Instead, it was looking for improving interpersonal access between college students, using what Aaron called sustained personal Persistend, progressive and representation.
Sounds romantic. Right?
But the study is working.
The participants felt more close after doing it. Several studies were also using the Program of Protest Rome Prototype as a very quick way to create trust and interaction between strangers.
They have used it between members of police and community and they've used it between people of political experiences.
The original version of history, which tried last summer, which combined personal questions with four minutes of visual contact, was quoted in this article but unfortunately never published.
A few months ago, I was giving a talk in a small liberal arts university, and then a student came up to me and said to me with memory, I tried the studio and didn't work.
He seemed responsible for it.
And I said, "Do you mean that you love the person who did it?
Well, he made a pause, OK.
I think she just wants us to be friends.
And I said, "But they became better friends.
Do you feel that they were able to meet better after testing the study?
The situation.
So, "I worked.
However, I don't think that was the answer that he was looking for.
In fact, I don't think it's the answer that none of you are looking for when it comes to love.
I stumbled with the study for the first time when I was 29 and I was going through a really difficult separation of it.
I had that relationship since she had 20, which was basically my whole adult life, and he was my first real love, and I had no idea how or if I could live without it.
So I went into science.
I investigate everything I could find about the science of romantic love, and I expected that that that could somehow kill the heart.
I don't know if I realized this at the time I thought I was just researching for the book that I wrote for, but in retrospect, it looks really obvious.
I thought that if I was armed with the knowledge of romantic love, I would never have to feel as bad and just as I felt like that.
And all this knowledge has been useful in one way or another.
I'm more patient with love. I'm more relaxed.
I have more confidence to demand what I look for.
But I can also look at myself more clearly, and I can realize that what I look for is sometimes more than you can think of me.
What I look for love is a guarantee -- not just being killed today and to be loved tomorrow, but to continue to be threatened by the person I love.
It may be that this is the guarantee that people asked when they wanted to know if we were still together.
The story that the media told about the 36 questions is that there can be a shortcut to love.
There may be a way for some way to mitigate some of the implicit risk, and this is a very attractive story, because we will fall in love to feel wonderful, but it's also frightening.
But I think when it's about love, we're very willing to accept the short version of history.
The version of the story I ask, are they still together?
And his content with a reply or not.
So more than a question, I would propose that we ask more difficult, questions like, how do you decide who deserves your love and who doesn't?
How do we stay in love when things are complicated, and how do you know when cutting and distant?
How do you live with uncertainty that inevitably takes a relationship or even more, how do you live with the doubt of your stage?
I don't know necessarily the answers to these questions, but I think they're a good start to have a more reflective conversation about what it means to love someone.
So if you want the quick version of the history of my relationship, it's this one, a known year ago, a stranger and I applied a study designed to create romantic love, we love, we still follow together, and I'm very happy.
But we will love is not the same thing to remain in love.
To fall in love is the easy part.
So at the end of my paper wrote, love didn't happen.
We just love because we take the choice to be.
And I show up a little bit when I read it now, not because it wasn't true, but because at the time, I hadn't considered everything that was supposed to be that choice.
I don't consider how many times we would have both of them to make that decision, and the time I have to keep doing that choice without knowing before if he will always choose or not.
I want you to be enough to have done and answer 36 questions, having chosen to love somebody so generous and nice and fun and have expressed that choice in the largest newspaper.
But what I've done, in change, is to convert my relationship to the kind of myth that I don't think really.
And what I look for, and what I might spend my life is looking for is that that myth is true.
I want the happy happy ending on the title of my paper, which is, by the way, the only part of the paper that I didn't really write.
But what I have in change is the opportunity to choose someone, and hope that he will also love me, and it's terrifying but that's the deal with love.
Thank you.
I was raised by a few lines on a mountain and somehow I got as a forest of the forest.
New York City does a while ago --  -- something that really affected me but more details later on.
I'll start with when I was eight years old.
I took a wood box, and I heard a dollar of a dollar, a pen and a fork on it somewhere in Colorado.
And I thought some strange humans or a few aliens would find this box about 500 years later and learn how our species exchange ideas, for example, how we eat the surveys.
I had no idea.
Anyway, it has because here I am, 30 years later, and I'm still doing boxes.
At a moment I was in Hawaii -- I like to go from experiment and make dirt and all those weird things -- and I was doing a calculation for my mother.
And I took a dictionary and I took out all the pages and I made a kind of washed climbers to the San Martin style -- I covered them from resin, and a bee was caught up.
Well, my mother has fear of bees, and it's allergic to them, so I added more resistance on the canvas, thinking I could hide it.
Instead, the opposite thing happened, somehow it seemed to increase the size of size, as if you look at the text with a magnifying light.
So I made more boxes built.
This time, I started adding electronic elements, frogs -- strange bottles that I was finding out the street, all I could find, because I was looking for things all my life, trying to relate to them and tell stories about these objects.
So I started drawing around the objects, and I realized that God can draw in space.
I can manufacture that are carrying around, draw the same way around a corner in the crime scene.
And I took objects and created my own invisible specimens.
First, anyone -- that you can make an idea.
Then I did some weird insects and bizarre creatures.
It was very fun to draw on the resident layers in resin, it was very fun to draw.
And it was great, because I started riding exhibitions and those things, and I was making some money, to take my girlfriend to dinner, for example, going to Spanish.
It was profound, man.
At some point I am interested in the human form, conservative size sculptures with drawings of human beings inside the layers.
It was great, except for one thing: I'm dead.
I didn't know what to do, because the resin was going to kill me.
And I went to bed every night thinking about it.
So I tried to use glass.
I started drawing on glass layers -- similar to drawing on a window, then on another window, and another window, and I had all these windows together that made a three-dimensional composition together.
And this really works, and so I could stop using the retina.
So I did this for years, and my work works with something very big, I call the "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The Protester."
For the TEDxard I was inspired by the Barn of the Palestinian Rosemboe of Homo Roselless, which is a painting at the Museum of Pennic College.
You know?
Well, it's a fantastic picture.
They say it's a little bit ahead of your time.
Well, the Portugalo." I'll explain this piece.
It weighs 11,000 pounds.
Five feet long.
It has double face, so it's 10 meters of composition.
It's a little bit weird.
Well, that's the source of blood.
On the left, it's Jesus and the lawyers.
There's a cave where all these creatures with animals travel between two worlds.
They go from the world of representation, to this analog mesh infrastructure where they hide.
This is where the creatures with animals of animals are headed to the face, ready to suicide in mass in the ocean.
The ocean is comprised of thousands of elements.
This is a bird god attached to an access.
Billy Graham is in the sea -- the Paris -- the oil platform of the death, the February For Osama Bin Laden.
But anyway, a species of March.
He's coming out of the ocean, and he finds oil in a hand while the other hand comes out clouds.
Your hands are like bullets and it looks like a mythological being held Earth and the cosmos in balance.
So it's a aspect of the TEDx."
It's a little bit a narrative.
That's the hand in which I spit out.
And then when you go to the other side, it has a shoe, like a bird car, and you see clouds of this computer.
It also has a five feet of a sense of snakes that binds the "The "The TEDx."
Anyway, his tail is going to learn when you put on a volcano.
I don't know why that happened.
Things that happen, you know.
His tail ends up in a hidden color balloon made of terrorist cards in 1986.
Have you seen them?
They were done in the 1980s, as if they were baseball cards of terrorism.
Very close to your time.  This brings me to my last project.
I'm in the middle of two projects -- you're called a security?
This is a two-year project to make 100 of these human beings.
Each one is a archive of our culture, through media and material are proposition, dictionaries or magazines or magazine.
But each one acts as a kind of archive in a way of being human, and they travel in groups of 20, four or 12 at the time.
They're like cells, they're together, they divide up.
And you can walk between them. I'm getting years.
Each one is basically a particular microscope that weighs 1,300 pounds with a human caught on its inside.
This has a little cave in the chest.
That's the head -- it's the chest, you can get the entrance in.
I'm going to be accompanied by the rest of the body -- there's a waterfall that comes out of the chest, and it covers the penis or not you cope with it, or whatever it is, a kind of an advertising guy.
It's a quick report of these works because I can't explain to you for a long time.
We have layers, you can see.
This is a body part of half.
This has two heads, and it's communicating between the two.
There are some pills that come out and come into the head of this strange statue here.
There is a small forest scene inside of the military quality.
Can you see it?
Anyway, this talk is about these boxes, just like the boxes we live in.
We're in a box, the solar system is a box.
This brings me to my last box.
It's a brick box. It's called Progress Darks.
Within this box there is a physicist -- a neuroscientist, a painter, a musician -- a writer, a red, a radio, a school, a school, a school arm that is spreading all the content we do in the world, and a garden.
We keep the box and all the people in the inside of each other as particles.
And I think that's how to change the world.
When you redefine who is and the box that you're living in.
And together we get to realize that we're all together in this, that this illusion that we are different, these concepts of the countries, from borders, of religion, doesn't work.
We're all very made of the same matter and the same box.
And if we don't start to exchange those things with sweetness and genuinely we're all going to die very soon.
Thank you very much.
What do you do?
Take a neuron.
But so that this pill has effect against pain, first step through the stomach, the continents and other organs.
Take a pill is the most effective and the evolutionary system so that any single drug effect in the body.
The disadvantage of it, though, is that when you bring it any drug drug in it.
And this is a big problem, especially in patients with HIV.
When you take antiretroviral drugs, they serve to decrease the amount of viruses in the blood, and increase the growth of collaborative cells.
But they are also known by their side side effects, mostly negative, because in time they take to get to the blood stream, they are putting, and worse even for the time they take to get to their destination, which is where it's more important, in the warehouse of HIV.
These are regions of the body like the lymph lymph galaxies, the nervous system, the lungs, where the virus is intentional and not easily in the bloodstream of patients that are supporting the regular therapy with antiretroviral drugs.
However, after the treatment of treatment, the virus can wake up and infect new blood cells.
This is the big problem of treatment of HIV with the current drugs that are a treatment treatment for a oral age.
One day, I sat down, and I thought, "Can we do the treatment directly at the expense of the virus, without the risk of the biomass of the medications?
As a scientific scientist, the answer was in front of me, the stress, of course.
If you use it in professor, for the care care and surgery of diabetes, they can be used for anything, including the advent transportation of drugs.
In fact, we're already using laser pulses to open or save extremely small holes, which open and close almost immediately the cells infected with HIV to introduce drugs.
The best thing is, "How is that possible?
We sent a small and powerful ray ray on the cellular membrane infected by HIV while these cells are embedded in a liquid that contains the drug.
The laser goes through the cell, whereas the cell absorbs the drug in a matter of microbes.
Before you even realize, the hole is represented immediately.
We're now testing this technology in vitro or in Petri plates, but the goal is to bring this technology into the human body, apply it to the human body.
"How is that possible? You can ask.
Well, the answer is, through a device of three heads.
With the first head, which is our laser, we will make an argument in the site of infection.
The second head, which is a camera, it leads to the site of infection.
Finally, the third head, an artist that distributes the drug, release it directly in the site of infection, whereas the laser is used again to keep the cells open.
Well, this doesn't look a lot of time.
But one day, if it's successful, this technology can lead to the total eradication of HIV in the body.
Yeah. A cure for HIV.
This is the dream of all HIV researcher, in our case, a laser treatment.
Thank you.
In the last decade, I've been studying groups of armed groups -- armed organizations like terrorists, insurgents or military.
I document what these groups do when they're not shooting out.
My goal is to understand better to these violent agents of violence and study ways to encourage the transition of violent participation to nonviolent confrontation, not violent.
I do work work, in the world of politics and the library.
Understanding these groups is key to solve almost every conflict in course, because the war has changed.
It used to be a replacement between states.
Not anymore.
Now it's a conflict between states and actors.
For example, from the 16-year-old peace agreement between 1975.
So we need to understand these groups -- we even need to involve them or fix them in any successful conflict process.
But how do we do that?
We need to know what motivates these organizations.
We know very well the reasons why they fight, how they do, but nobody looks at what they do when they don't fight.
The armed struggle and the politicians are not about arms.
It's all part of the same organization.
We can't understand these groups, not much less to fix them, without a global vision.
Today's armed groups are complex organizations.
For example, the Labor Leonardo, known by its violent form against Israel.
From his creation in the 1980, Hell has also established a political party -- a network of social services and a military device.
Similarly, Palestinian Hail, known by their suicide attacks against Israel, also interviews the Gaza Francisco since 2007.
So these groups do more than just shoot out.
They're multitasking them.
They set up a complex communication of communication stations, radio stations, TV websites and Internet sites and strategies in social networks.
And here are the magazine of 2010, printed in English and published to cartoon.
The armed groups also invest in a complex fundraising of funds without salts, but through profitable business -- for example, construction companies.
These activities are key.
They allow these groups to increase their strength, increase their fund, to recruit better and build their brand.
The armed groups also do something more, they create stronger ties with their population investing in social services.
They build schools, they manage hospitals, they put into a professional form of professional training programs or mathematician.
He offers all these services and more.
The armed groups also try to conquer population offering something that the state doesn't provide -- security and protection.
The ascent of the Taliban in an Afghanistan blessed by war or even the beginning of the rise of Australia, can also understand the efforts of these groups for delivering safety.
Unfortunately, in these cases, security has a reasonably elevated price for population.
But in general, providing social services means filling a vacuum, a gap left by the government, and it allows these to strengthen and increase their power.
For example, the election victory in 2006 of Palestinian Hamas cannot understand the social work of the group.
It's a really complex stage, even in the West, when we look at the armed groups, we only think about the violent side.
But that's not enough to understand the strengths of these groups, the strategy or the long-term vision.
These groups are hybrid.
They grow because they fill gaps left by the government, and they emerge like armed and political groups, participating in violent struggle and give urban.
And the more complex and sophisticated these organizations, the less we can do it as something against a state.
How would we call a group like Hollywood: How are you going to call a group like Hollywood."
They are part of a lab, they manage all their functions -- collect the trash -- manage the sewer system.
Is it a state? Is it a release group?
Or maybe it's something else, something new and different.
And what is strategies?
The lines are destroyed.
We live in a world of states with no state and hybrid nations and the more weak the states are, as in the Middle East, the more they intervene and fill that gap out of non-governmental actors.
This is important for governments, because to counter these groups will have to invest more in tools not military tools.
To fill that government gap has to be at the center of any sustainable approach.
This is really important to establish and constructive peace.
If we understand the monkey groups, we will understand better how incentives to offer the transition of violence to non-violence.
In this new dispute between states and non-state actors, military power can win some battle, but it won't give us peace or stability.
In order to achieve these goals we need long-term investments to fill that security vacuum to fill that governance gap that enabled these groups to thrive in a principle.
Thank you.
I'm a failure as a woman and as a female.
My views about gender equality are very old, but I fear that accepting openly the feminist label would be unfair for the frameworks.
I'm a metabolism, but pretty bad.
And therefore I literally display as a bad feminist.
Or at least, I wrote a paper, and a book called "The bad "neuron and then in the interviews, people started calling me the Marcus Mall.
So what started as a personal joke meant to myself and a deliberate process, has become something larger.
Let me step back.
When I was young, especially in my youth and at 20 years old, I had strange ideas about terrorists, these furry women, angry women who were delighted with men and they hated sex.
Today, I see how women are treated around the world and the anger, in particular, seems a perfectly reasonable answer.
But at the time, I was worried about the tone that I was using people to feel like that could be framework.
Being labeled as a feminist was a stream, a taboo and unpleasant word.
They label me as a woman who doesn't follow the rules, which is too high, with high self-esteem.
Nobody wants to be that woman rebel until you realize that it's actually that woman and you can't imagine being another person.
Over time, as I was growing up, I started accepting that I am, in fact, feminist and also proud to be.
For me, certain claims are substantial? Women are equal to men.
We deserve the same dream for the same work.
We have right to travel around the world as we do, free or violence.
We have a right to use easily and accessible the contraceptives and the reproductive services.
We have the right to decide about our bodies, without legislative control or ecological doctrines or electricity.
We have the right to the respect.
There's more.
When you talk about the needs of women, you have to have our other identity.
We're not just women.
We are people with a different body, gender gender and religion and sexuality condition, social condition, skills and much more.
We have to have these differences and how they affect us, the same way that matters what we have in common.
Without this kind of inclusion -- our feminism is nothing.
For me, these truths are evident. But to be clear, I'm a mess.
I'm full of controls.
There are a lot of things that make me a bad feminist.
I have another confession here.
When I drive to work, I hear music music provides all volume.
Although the letter degraded to women, and I was deeply offended by the classic Singapore "Stone of the Twin Gandhi Pantheon is incredible.
Make it really with your mountain size.
Period, stop, move until you give you the "Congress to you."
Think about it.
Purple poetry, right?
I'm completely influenced by my musical taste.
I firmly believe in the work of man, which is all I don't want to do, including --  -- all of the domestic tasks, but also killing insects, the recording of trash -- the care of the lawns, the weapon of the standard and the maintaining of the working.
I don't want to have anything to do with that.
The pink is my favorite color.
I enjoy the fashion magazine and the beautiful things.
I can see "The Balancy and the romantic media, and I have a strong fantasy of the fairy accounts that make it happen.
Some of my favorites are more described.
If a woman wants to adopt your husband, it's your choice, and I'm not who to judge me.
If a woman decides to stay home to raise your children, I accept that choice, too.
The problem is not that it becomes economically vulnerable through this same choice, the problem is that our society is confined so that it makes women economically vulnerable when they choose it.
We solve this problem.
He recovered the conventional feminism that has ignored or destined historically the needs of women of color, workers and homosexual and transgender -- to favor of white women, sexual class and high middle class.
Listen, if that's good feminism I'm a very bad feminist serious.
It also happens the following: As a metal, I feel a lot of pressure.
We have this tendency to put installed feminist in a protection.
We hope that they hold the perception.
When they recognize us, we would take them very much like it from the same plastic where we put them.
As I said, I'm a mess. I'm a mess. I consider myself from that processing before they try to get there.
Too many women, particularly the innovators and the leaders of the sector, are afraid of being labeled as lines.
They are afraid to stand up and say, "Yes, I'm a female feminist for fear of what that sticker means for fear to not be able to accomplish with the expectations of small experts.
Take Broke for example, or as I call it, the Royal.
In the last few years, it's a decline collapsed.
In the Virginia Museum Administration in Manual, in Maya, it was in front of the word "flow of three feet tall.
It was a magnificent show, to see this star star embracing openly the feminism and make women and young men who will be feminist is something to be proud of.
And I spent the time, cultural critics started endless whether Berniel was or not exactly feminist of feminist and disconnected.
They published their feminism instead of simply believing the word of an adult and mature woman.
We demand perfection, because we are still fighting a lot, we want a lot, we need so much very much a lot.
We go far beyond the sensible and constructive criticism to sequence the feminism of any woman, to destroy it until nothing left.
We don't need to do that.
The bad fear, or rather, a more inclusive feminism is the point.
But what happens next?
We went from recognizing our surfaces to realize stories, to go to action and be a little bit more brave.
If I hear degrading music, I'm creating a demand for artists that would be more happy to provide an unlimited supply.
These artists will not change their way to talk about women in their songs until we demand change affecting their profit.
It certainly is hard.
Why does their music have to be so depression?
It's hard to choose something better and so easy to justify a worse choice.
But when the bad decisions are justify that makes it more difficult for women to achieve equality, the equality that we all deserve and it's our responsibility.
I think of my silk, three and four years.
It's two magnificent girls and decided and brilliant and also too brave -- I want you to grow in a world.
Where they are headed by the strong creatures that they are.
I think of them, suddenly, the best choice is visually easier to do.
We can all make better decisions.
We can change the channel when a television program is dealing with sexual violence against women as a sport of the Denotroway game.
We can change radio radio when we hear songs that treat women like nothing.
We can spend our money to go to the cinema in another part when movies don't treat women more than as decorative objects.
We can stop supporting professional sports where athletes treat their partners as bottles of book.
In any case, the men, especially white men can say, "No, I'm not going to publish in your magazine, participating in their project, or work with you, until it doesn't include a number of enough women, so much to engage how to make decisions.
I'm not going to work with you until your release, or your organization is more inclusive with a broader range of people.
Those of us who are subjected but invited to participate in these kinds of projects, we can also help us to be inclusive until more as we are welcome to overcome the barriers to the decision costs.
Because we are not lost better. Without these efforts, without embracing these positions, our achievements are going to mean very little.
We can make these little acts of courage and expect our decisions to come to the top, people in power power and producers of film and music producers and music, the records, the people who can make big decisions, more courageous, to create durable and significant change.
We can also engage our feminism and good, bad, or any given us.
The last line of my book "Massive "name says, "I want to be a bad feminist to not be at all."
This is true because of a lot of reasons, but I tell you, especially my voice was stolen and feminism helped me to find it.
There was an incident.
I call it an incident to address what happened.
A few kids told me when I was very young, and I didn't know that kids can do this to a girl.
I was treated as if it was nothing.
I started to believe that it was nothing.
They stole my voice, and after all I didn't dare to believe that I could say something that might matter.
But I was writing.
And with it I went back to writing.
It reminds me in a stronger version of myself.
I read the words of those women who could understand a story like mine, and the women who looked like me and understood what it meant to live in this world if you have the brown skin.
I read the words of women who showed me that it was nothing.
I learned to write like them, and then I learned how to write as myself.
I found my voice again, and I started to believe that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure.
Through the writing and the feminism I also discovered that if I was a little courageous, another woman could hear and see that none of us is the nothing that the world is trying to tell us that we are.
In a hand, I have the power to achieve anything.
And on the other, I hold the humble reality that I'm just a woman.
I'm a bad metabolism, I'm a good woman, I'm trying to improve my way of thinking, what I say and what I do, without leaving everything that makes me human.
I hope that we all can do the same thing.
I hope that we can all be a little courageous, when you need such a valuable.
Right after Christmas last year, 13 children in California had hoped to have visited Revolution or being exposed to someone who had been there.
The virus then went through the border with Canada, affecting more than 100 children in Congress.
One of the tragic things about this outbreak is that the measles that can be fatal for a child with an immune immune system, it's one of the most easily preventable diseases in the world.
There's an effective vaccine against this for more than half a century over a half century -- but many of the children involved in the Redwood outbreak had not been vaccinated because their parents were afraid of something supposedly even worse -- autism.
But a moment, was it not the article that challenged the motivation of autism and designers and described and marked by being a protected fraud by the British Medical Grandma.
Doesn't most intelligent scientists believe that vaccines cause autism is a property?
I think most of you know, but millions of parents around the world are still afraid that vaccines put in danger to their children to have autism.
Why?
Here's why.
This is a graph of the rise of autism over time.
For most of the 20th century, autism was considered a very rare disease.
The few psychologists and the pediatrician that I had heard about that they create their entire professional life without seeing one case.
For decades, prevalence estimates followed only three or four children per 10,000 children.
But then, in the '90s, the numbers started to draw.
The fundraising organizations like Mary Boston refer to autism as an epidemic, as if I could plug from another child in Revolution.
What's going on?
If you're not the vaccines, what is it?
If you ask people at the center of Disease Disease Center what's going on, they tend to be based on phrases like "Malibish computing artists, and "The better decision of "some cases to explain these growing figures.
But that kind of language doesn't really spend a lot of the fears of a young mother who seeks on the face of his two-year-old son, the visual contact.
If the diagnostic criteria had to expand why they were so reduced to the beginning?
Why were the cases of autism so hard to find before the year of 1990?
Five years ago, I decided to discover the answers to these questions.
I learned that what happened has less to do with the slow and curious progress of science than with the seductive power of storytelling.
For most of the 20th century, doctors told a story about what autism is and how it discovered, but that story turned out to be false, and the consequences of the same are having a devastating impact in global public health.
There was a second more accurate story of autism than ever lost and forgotten in the dark corners of clinical literature.
This second story tells us all about how we get here and where we need to go.
The first story begins with a child psychiatrist -- Leo Kennick, from the Johns Hopkins Hospital. In 1947, Kennedy published an article that describes 11 young patients who seemed to be able to have private worlds, sont to the people around their own, even their own parents.
They could fun for hours by shaking their faces, but they were private from the panic for often as their favorite toy in their usual place without knowing them.
On the basis of patients treated in their clinic, Kepler speculated that autism is very rare.
By the 1950s, as a major authority of the world in the subject, declared that he had seen less than 150 true cases of their syndrome while receiving references of places as far as South Africa.
This is really not to extract, because the Kennitus criteria for autism diagnosis were very record.
For example, I was willing to give that diagnosis to kids with consumers, but now we know that epilepsy, is very common in autism.
Once he realized that he had turned nine out of 10 children sent by other doctors to their professor for being autistic without giving them a diagnosis of autism.
Kanzi was a smart man, but part of his theories were not stress.
It made autism as a form of child psychosis caused by cold and unexpected parents.
These kids, he said, have stayed carefully in a refrigerator.
At the same time, Kenny noticed that some of his young patients had special skills that they clustered in certain areas like music, mathematics and memory.
One of the kids in their clinic could distinguish between 18 symphonies, before I turned the two years.
When his mother put one of his favorite discussions, he said to him right now.
But Kenny had a bad opinion of these skills, including things like children were simply regurgitating what they had heard of their parents, desperate to win their performance.
As a result, autism became a source of shame for families, and two generations of autistic children were sent to institutions for their own well, becoming invisible for the world in general.
Amazingly, it wasn't until the 1970s, that researchers started to test the Tennessee theory that autism was weird.
Red Beijing, the cognitive psychology of London, thought that the theory of the nurses of Kennedy was pretty stupid.
She and his husband John were warm and effectively, and they had a deep autistic daughter called Sun.
Lennil and John knew how hard it was to raise a girl like no support services, without special education, and without access to other resources without a diagnosis.
To defend the National National Service, they needed more resources for autistic children and their families, London and his colleague, Judith Florida decided to do something that should be done 30 years before.
They did a study of autism prevalence in the general population.
They stopped a London suburb called Lebanon to try to find the autistic kids in the community.
What you saw was that the Bonofar model was too limited, because the reality of autism was much more colorful and diverse.
Some kids couldn't speak at all, while others were focused on their fascination by information, in dinosaurs or the genealogy of reality.
Otherwise, these kids didn't fit in pink squares and analysis, as Justine, and they saw a lot of them, much more than the monolithic model of Kepler would have predicted.
At first, they were lost to try to make sense of their data.
How did no one ever get rid of these kids before?
But then Lank found a reference to a paper published in German in 144, the next year to the article of Kennington, and then he forgot it, buried under the ashes of a terrible time that nobody wanted to remember.
Kanzi knew about this article of competition, but I avoided hopeful to mention it in his own work.
There was no even translated to English, but luckily, the husband of London spoke German, and he translated it for her.
The document offers an alternative story of autism.
His author was a man named Hans Benking, who would run a clinic integrated with an internal school in Vienna, in the 1930s.
The ideas of Senator for the teaching of children with learning differences were progressive even for contemporary standards.
The morning in their clinic started with exercise classes with music, and children followed their games on the afternoon.
Instead of blaming parents to cause autism, Service described it as a policy disability of life that requires compassionate forms of support and spaces adapted during the course of life.
Instead of treating kids in their clinic as patients, Senator called them their little teachers, and they were dedicated to help develop methods of education methods that were especially suitable to them.
Usually, Berger saw autism as a diverse continuum that would make a surprising variety of condoms and disabilities.
He believed that autism and autistic traits were common and they've always been, seeing aspects of this continuum in populations known in the pop culture like the social scientist and the teacher discovered.
He was beyond even to say, that for success in science and art, a piece of autism is essential.
London and Judith found that Kepler was wrong in that Anderson was interested, so the parents were the substances.
In the next few years, they worked in silence with the American Association of psychiatry to expand the criteria of the diagnosis that would reflect the diversity of what they called an autistic "position?"
By the end of the '80s and early '90s, their changes came into virtue, by replacing the limited model of Kennedy for a wide and even sent of George.
These changes don't have broken stream.
Occasionally, when London and Judith worked between Barbars to reform these criteria, people around the world see an autistic adult for the first time.
Before I went out of "The "Daris Man in 1988, just a small circle, tied by experts knew what autism was about, but after the inevitable act of Google Hollywood like Congo Babylon and the recognition of "The "Day Mandela with four prisoners from Martin Mandela, with four members of the Academy.
At the same time, the first clinical trials were introduced to use to diagnose autism.
I no longer had a connection with that little circle of experts to make a diagnosis for his son.
The combination of "The "Dad Manhattan -- the changes in the criteria and the introduction of these tests created a network effect, a perfect storm of autism.
The number of diagnostics started to start, just like they predicted London and Japanese, in fact hoped that it was, getting people with autism and their families finally got the support and the services that they deserve.
So Andrew Book came to blaming vaccines by the increase in diagnosis. A simple one, powerful, and seductive history story as bad as the Kenya theory that autism was interested.
If the current estimate of the prevention center that one in 68 children in America are in the spectrum -- it's right, the autistic is one of the largest minority groups in the world.
In the last few years, autistic people have joined on the Internet to reject the idea that they are the puzzles for solving the new medical advances by taking the responsible term to celebrate the varieties of human cognition.
One way to understand depression is to think of terms of human operating systems.
The fact that a PC doesn't work with Reducies, it doesn't mean that it's broken.
According to autistic standards, the normal human brain is easily distributed, social, and suffers from a deficit of attention to detail.
No doubt, autistic people have difficulty to live in a world not built for them.
70 years later, we are still reaching to Sergening, who believed that the surface for the most exciting aspects of autism are in the understanding of teachers, employers with capacity, support communities, support communities, and parents with faith in the potential of their children.
An autistic woman named Relighter Joys once said, "We need all the hands in covered to understand the ship of mankind.
As we navigate towards an uncertain future, we need all the forms of human intelligence on the planet to deal with the challenges that we face as a society.
We can't afford to waste nor a brain.
Thank you.
